----------------------------------WFD-------------------------------------------------
1.speak to your tutor if you need further assistance. 
2.you must call you doctor to make an appointment.
3.the teacher explained the homework to the students.
4.we cannot consider an increase in our price at this stage.
5.you can get your coffee or tea in the lunch room.
6.new classroom will be put into use next month.
7.you have to make an appointment with you doctor.
8.everyone in this room needs to follow the rules.
9.the fiction books have just passed the counter.
10.before preparing any food, be sure to wash your hands well.
11.in the next project, you will need to present all the different news items.
12.a wide range of courses covered different aspects in this subject.
13.his proposal had gained further support by the local community.
14.students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
15.your tutor will show you how to prepare the essay.
16.people with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or have major illness.
17.having clean water for consumption is vital for health.
18.agricultural development plays a vital role in rural areas.
19.having a strong motivation is important to achieve your goals.
20.our aim is to transmit mathematics teaching in the classroom.
21.some studies show the link between depression and social media.
22.practical experiments are a central part of the chemistry course.
23.we hold visiting hours throughout the year for students.
24.assignments must be submitted at the end of the term.
25.extension requirement for the assignment must be submitted before the deadline.
26.the university will cease the colossal renovation of the faint empty theater.
27.the lecture will take place in he main hall.
28.music has the ability yo shape our emotions.
29.gold is a metal that appears naturally and in a pure state.
30.your tutor will provide the guidance on how to structure the essay.
31.students build confidence in their critical 


----------------------------------RS-------------------------------------------------
1.The building will be closed and reopened next week.
2.Items can be found on the bottom floor of the library.
3.I need somebody to fix the problem with the computer screen.
4.Students meet the minimum requirement qualified.
5.The test showed tha you know a lot about Canada.
6.No more than four people cna be in the lab at once.
7.She went yo the mall to buy a new dress for her interview.
8.You can park in the building behind the medical center.
9.The bus by the building goes directly to the central bus station.
10.The vehicle he traveled in collided with a train unexpectedly.
11.Early next year there's a major auction of his work.
12.If finance is a cause for concern, scholar ships may be available.
13.Higher eduction means higher pay you will get.
14.Control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
15.Students are allowed to bring dictionaries to the exam.
16.Some building is opposite the museum.
17.You should submit your essay to the general office.
18.If the doctor calls while I'm out, please leave a message.
19.Students use their student ID to borrow books from the library.
20.I will have a meeting on Thursday.
21.The discussion will be on Wednesday.
22.If i go out he will call and leave notes for me.
23.The bud for London will scheduled once a week.
24.The professor mentioned that biotechnology is the future of traditional biology.
25.The bus for the airport will arrive soon.
26.The computer lab is open 24 hours a day.
27.The discussion is a great chance yo meet new people and make friends.
28.You should arrive at the bus stop early.
29.Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
30.You need to record every detail of the call in the afternoon.
31.You can add a salad to your meal.
32.The manager will have a meeting in this room today.
33.The library was closed when I dropped by in the morning.
34.You can register the card at the university student center or the library.
35.Students must submit their assignments by the end of the term.
36.Please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
37.The artist is exhibiting in the national art gallery next year.
38.I have to get up early for an interview tomorrow.