1.Marketing #18671
marketing. 
marketing is the process of transferring goods and services from suppliers to customers. 
profit models can ensure a return on capital. 
marketing is directly linked to sales growth. (66 words)

2.Vitamin D #18683
vitamin D. 
vitamin D is called the sunshine vitamin. 
if you get enough sunshine, there is no dietary need for vitamin D. 
vitamin D isn’t a vitamin. (64 words)

3.A woman in student loan #18690
This lecture discussed a woman in student loan. 
she owes tens of thousands of student loan. 
she could not find a decent job. 
her children are facing the problem of borrowing money for school. 
She felt stressed. (70 words)

4.The Big Bang theory #18710
the Big Bang theory. 
the universe began in a Big Bang. 
the universe started in a Big Bang over 13.7 billion years ago. 
everything fits, and we can understand the universe. (68 words)

5.Fishing Industry In Africa #18713
the fishing industry in Africa. 
wildlife is the source of food and the source of income. 
the management of fish resources influences health. 
the wildlife tourism industry is important. (66 words)

6.An experiment about female body fat #18717
an experiment about female body fat. 
31 fat women volunteered in the experiment. 
they needed to exercise regularly. 
some people ate more, or they exercised less. (63 words)

7.Smart consumers #18719
smart consumers and the brand. 
a brand is essential to smart consumers. 
the Second Moment of Truth is important; the product must have great quality. 
there are fundamental engineering contradictions for the products to be both strong and soft. (66 words)

8.Dangers of Keeping Drugs at Home #18720
the dangers of keeping drugs at home. 
children may ingest the drugs. 
the drugs may be taken for the wrong reasons. 
doctors should give the correct amount of drugs. (66 words)

9.A Survey on Social Well-Being and Happiness #18721
a survey on social well-being and happiness. 
one factor is the consistent patterns. 
it includes basic things like income and health. 
other factors include the living environment and the quality of life. (69 words)

10.Symbolic Systems #18731
symbolic systems. 
language is a classic symbolic system. 
people communicate with sign language and movement. 
it is a good idea to do something with your hands and communicate at the same time. (69 words)

11.Global Warming and Climate Change #18737
global warming and climate change. 
climate change is becoming a severe problem. 
national governments should take action. 
some major changes are taking place globally. (61 words)

12.Face Recognition #18738
recognizing faces. 
humans are experts in face recognition. 
face recognition is a hard problem, and it is a clever trick that you can use to recognize different types of information. 
people need to appreciate face recognition. (69 words)

13.Baby Smile #18742
baby smiles. 
they want whoever they are interacting with to smile back. 
the researchers defined four categories between mothers and infants. 
mothers want the interaction, while babies just want to be smiled at. (70 words)

14.Managers #18743
managers. 
managers should have a broad perspective by reading more books and going back to the university to improve themselves. 
management knowledge and skills are more important than experience. 
the best manager should be a professor of management. (69 words)

15.Industrialization #18752
industrialization. 
the Industrial Revolution had a very negative effect on people. 
we should pass legislation about working conditions. 
we need regulations for better environmental conditions. (53 words)

16.The decline of bees #18755
the decline of bees. 
these declines are supported by strong scientific evidence. 
the drives to decline are different. 
we’re aware of the problem, and people are taking action. (56 words)

17.Chimpanzee #18757
chimpanzees. 
they wished to release a chimpanzee that had been kept in captivity for many years for research purposes. In the second part, the speaker explained that the court had dismissed the appeal because chimpanzees are not ‘persons’. In the final part, the speaker said they would continue their efforts this year to secure legal rights for animals. (69 words)

18.Automated Driving #18758
automated driving. 
automated driving is a system at levels three and four. 
level three is the full-automatic mode. 
level four automation can save fuel, making it more efficient than level three. (68 words)

19.Globalization And De-Traditionalization #18759
Globalization and De-Traditionalization. 
we all live in a global village. 
globalization means we can share ideas all over the world. 
de-traditionalization leads to damage to traditional cultures. (64 words)

20.Internet and Journalism #18764
Internet and journalism. 
people become enthusiastic about such changes, and they think the internet can improve the spreading of news and help people gain information. 
journalism now becomes a collaborative process. (57 words)

21.Absolutism #18772
moral objectivism and moral absolutism. 
in moral objectivism, certain universal moral principles apply to all actions. 
in moral absolutism, a clear boundary exists between right and wrong. In the final part, the speaker stated that these principles must be followed. (60 words)

22.Need #18776
the need. 
the need is a strong desire and an essential thing. 
in a social environment, it is a multifunctional word. 
it means the requirement from nature in psychological terms. (67 words)

23.Newspaper #18777
newspapers. 
in some American states, the newspaper industry is shrinking. 
economic models change. 
the small newspapers decided to go online, and some newspapers disappeared. (61 words)

24.Fight-or-Flight Response #18778
the fight-or-flight response and emotions. 
emotions have a purpose. 
basic emotions are vital messengers. 
the brain runs information to control instinctive responses and create unignorable signals. (63 words)

25.The Separation of powers #18781
the separation of powers. 
the separation of powers means dividing government power into 3 parts. 
one is to make the laws, and the second is to enforce the laws. 
the third is to explain the laws. (64 words)

26.Water recycling #18787
water recycling. 
water recycling is needed. 
there is technology available for industrial use, but there is little technology available for home use. 
on the local level, water recycling at home is important. (69 words)

27.The Design of Buildings #18788
the design of buildings. 
design is important to a building. 
there are some bad buildings and some great buildings. 
many buildings were demolished because of their nature and function. (66 words)

28.Great Ideas #18789
great ideas. 
a great idea should be new. In the second part of the lecture, the speaker stated a great idea should be unique. 
a great idea should be productive. (56 words)

29.Food Crisis #18790
food crisis. 
people suffered from a serious food crisis. 
people must double the production. 
it is urgent to increase the production. (57 words)

30.The history of English #18791

the history of English. 
English is not a pure language. 
English borrowed words from over 350 languages. 
today we are not only learning about language, but we are also learning about history. (60 words)

31.Online Research #18792

the advantages and drawbacks of online research. First, the speaker highlighted that online research is quicker than conventional methods, and there are no gaps between quantities and qualities. After that, the drawback is that we cannot communicate face-to-face. Lastly, we cannot get information through reactions such as body language, which means we don’t know who is on the other side. (64 words)

32.Canned Food During the Great Depression #18793
canned foods during the Great Depression. 
canned foods became popular. 
people could buy fridges. 
supermarkets became a new fashion. (56 words)

33.Credit Card Experiment #18795
a credit card experiment. In the first part, the speaker mentioned that some inactive credit card users received a message. They could gain benefits by using their cards. In the second part, the speaker mentioned that other users would face a penalty if they did not use their cards. Finally, the lecturer stated that customers are more likely to be motivated by potential loss. (68 words)

34.Mars and the earth #18796
Mars. 
Mars is close to the Earth. 
Mars has hills, seasons and weather. 
Mars has rare gases. (54 words)

35.Application in biology #18797
applications in biology. 
scientists can engineer nature. 
scientists could write DNA and create new organisms and cells 40 years ago. 
scientists use micro-scale tools in bacteria experiments in the labs and get bacteria the next day. (67 words)

36.The History of Software #18798
the history of software. Firstly, the speaker mentioned that the history of software is very new, and the progression is a stampede. After that, the speaker highlighted the rapid expansion of computing power and the rapid decline in cost. 
this made it feasible for information technology to move into all areas of life. (62 words)

37.Roman city #18799
the city of Rome. 
the city grew in a fairly ad hoc way. 
Romans structured the city in a very methodical way. 
when the Romans built their ideal Roman city, they turned to military camp design. (67 words)

38.Why Read Plato's “The Republic”? #18827
the reasons to read the Republic. 
the book is very readable. 
the book includes living conversation and important ideas. 
thoughts and content are the other reasons to read the book. (67 words)

39.The Industrial Revolution #18834
the Industrial Revolution. In the first part of the lecture, the speaker stated the Industrial Revolution was measured by more than large factories and machines. In the second part of the lecture, the speaker stated the Industrial Revolution was an intensification of production. 
the rapid rise of production was tied to traditional forms of production. (70 words)

40.Globalization definitions #20394
the definitions of globalization. 
globalization increases international communications. In the second part of the lecture, the speaker stated countries become integrated in the system. 
globalization represents a new area of economic development. (58 words)

41.Albert Einstein’s theory of Universe 20496
Einstein's theory of the universe. 
people thought the space was fixed for thousands of years. 
the view of the universe was changed because of Einstein. 
the space itself is changing. (58 words)

42.Luxury brands #21110
luxury brands. 
how we distinguish luxury brands is a difficult question. 
the answer is relative. 
the answer is complicated. (56 words)

43.Migration history in Australia #21113
migration history in Australia. 
the first inhabitants in Australia were ancestors of Indigenous people. 
when Australia and its surrounding regions formed a single landmass, the Aboriginal peoples settled. 
Australia adopted the multiculturalism policy. (64 words)

44.Stock market and modern business #21115
the stock market and modern business. 
the manufacturing companies came in. 
big modern companies include Apple, Google and Microsoft. 
there are some differences between them. (62 words)

45.Mood #21117
mood. 
mood may vary among different people. 
the secret of happiness is mild containment. 
we should find a balance between intense and loose emotions. (61 words)

46.The development of machine #21119
the development of machine. Firstly, the speaker mentioned machines ought to do things better than most people. After that, the speaker highlighted machines had replaced many industries and become better and better. Finally, the speaker believed when there are no new jobs, there is nowhere else for human to go. (54 words)

47.Bees waggle dance and communication #21307
how bees communicate. 
it is curious how bees communicate with each other. 
bees do waggle dance to indicate the distance and direction of the food resource. 
it is a unique communication system. (69 words)

48.Paper rejection #21450
paper rejection. 
he was giving some advice on publishing a paper. 
rejection would lead to a better result and would be good for the career path. 
it is important to attract young researchers and keep them engaged. (70 words)

49.Society diversity #21466
societal diversity. Firstly, the speaker mentioned that all societies have diversity, causing multiculturalism. After that, he highlighted what causes diversity and how diversity would be caused. These questions are difficult to answer. Simply counting the number is not that important. Finally, most societies have diversity to some extent. (52 words)

50.Negative bias #21621
negative bias. 
we are more likely to sense negative emotions to help us survive. 
the positive emotions we experience more are limited. 
negative emotions are less frequent but more intense. (67 words)

51.Darwin and Bees #21655

bee genes and Darwin’s theory. 
worker bees will sacrifice their lives to help the queen bee pass genes to the next generation. 
the worker bees give up reproduction and help the queen reproduce, and the worker bees will die if necessary to do so. (70 words)

52.Inequality in Children #21902

the inequality in children. 
well-educated parents can provide their children with ample educational resources and support. 
children's life opportunities are largely determined by the age of five. In the final part, the speaker stated that there are still no particularly effective solutions to this deeply entrenched inequality in society. (69 words)

53.Motivation #21919
two types of motivation. 
motivation can be categorized into approach motivation and avoidance motivation. 
approach motivation pertains to positive things, while avoidance motivation relates to negative things. In the final part, the speaker stated that avoidance motivation tends to be significantly stronger. (62 words)

54.Leadership #21945
leadership. 
“great leaders” is a difficult concept to define. 
people need to master more skills, such as planning for the future and helping newcomers integrate into the team. In the final part, the speaker stated that the organizational structure surrounding individuals is also of great significance. (66 words)

55.Symmetry in mathematics #22451
symmetry in mathematics. First, the speaker highlighted that historical objects in museums can have lots of mathematical significance. After that, the speaker also mentioned the stones discovered in Scotland 5000 years ago are the first examples of humans exploring the concept of symmetry. Finally, we don’t know what these stones are for. Maybe they were mathematical objects for joy and beauty. (65 words)

56.Bees waggle dance #22519
how bees use a waggle dance as their communication system. First, the speaker highlighted that when bees find a good food source, they will do a waggle dance to tell other bees. After that, the speaker mentioned a behaviour study regarding bees’ dancing behaviours. 
bees can use their dance and the sounds to describe different flowers and the environment. (68 words)

57.Population growth #22723
the significance of population issues. 
resource pressure is a key factor. 
population growth is not evenly distributed. In the final part, the speaker stated that infrastructure may begin to collapse following the expansion of megacities. (58 words)

58.The Origin of Species #22868
The Origin of Species. 
Darwin pointed out that life on Earth is shaped by natural selection. 
Darwin did not explain how traits are passed on to offspring. In the final part, the speaker mentioned that Mendel later discovered that organisms transmit traits through genes. (64 words)

59.Modern Poetry #22983
modern poetry. In the first part of the lecture, the speaker stated the works of several poets. 
modernism is one of the most fruitful areas in English literature. In the final part, the speaker stated that one can attempt to derive pleasure, experience confusion, and draw nourishment from poetry. (61 words)

60.Social skills #23227
the importance of social skills. 
how social skills and empathy foster positive interpersonal relationships and reduce conflict risks. In the second part, the speaker stated a collaborative filmmaking experiment involving students. Finally, the speaker stated how this approach enhances students' self-regulation and critical thinking abilities. (56 words)

61.Washing Fruit #23239
proper methods for washing fruits and vegetables. 
thorough washing can effectively prevent bacteria and diseases. In the second part, the speaker stated the importance of paying attention to packaging instructions. In the final part, the speaker stated that using running cold water combined with scrubbing is the most effective approach. (62 words)

62.Globalization	gap	between	goods	and	services #23240
the differences between goods and services in the globalization process. 
services are more difficult to globalize. In the second part, the speaker stated how these factors constrain the development of service trade. In the final part, the speaker stated how digital technology can eliminate barriers and reshape the global service landscape. (66 words)

63.Multiculturalism #23241
multiculturalism in modern society. In the first part of the lecture, the speaker stated the essence of multiculturalism. In the second part, the speaker stated multiculturalism with the melting pot theory. In the concluding part, the speaker stated that celebrating diversity helps build an inclusive and harmonious society. (52 words)

64.Melatonin #23357
melatonin. In the first part of the lecture, the lecturer stated that melatonin is secreted by the pineal gland. In the second part of the lecture, the lecturer stated that melatonin follows a circadian rhythm opposite to that of cortisol. In the final part of the lecture, the lecturer stated that melatonin plays a role in helping humans and animals prepare for nocturnal activity. (68 words)

