FIB 机经固定搭配
   语境版




             1
                                                                          目           录
一、固定搭配之「动词+名词+介词」形式（12 条） ................................................................................................... 3


二、固定搭配之「动词+介词」形式（48 条） .............................................................................................................. 6


三、固定搭配之「动词+副词」形式（11 条） ............................................................................................................17


四、固定搭配之「be+形容词+介词」形式（42 条） ................................................................................................20


五、固定搭配之「名词+介词」形式（22 条） ............................................................................................................28


六、固定搭配之介词短语（27 条） ...............................................................................................................................33


七、固定搭配之动词短语（23 条） ...............................................................................................................................39


八、固定搭配之名词短语（17 条） ...............................................................................................................................45


九、固定搭配之动宾搭配（21 条） ...............................................................................................................................49


十、其他（23 条）...........................................................................................................................................................53
一、固定搭配之「动词+名词+介词」形式

1. pay the price for 为...付出代价
【原文出处】This study has profound importance in showing us most vividly that rural areas pay
the price for urban pollution. 这项研究具有深远的意义，它非常生动地向我们展示了农村地区为城市
污染所付出的代价。
（R#267 Ozone, RW#179 Ozone）


2. take part in 参与
【原文出处】We've got a dedicated support development team on campus to support every
student in taking part in sports. 我们在校园里有一个专门的支持发展团队来支持每一个学生参加体育
运动。 （RW#91 Trinity Sport and Fitness）


3. associate sb/sth with sb/sth 将 (…和…) 联系起来
【原文出处-1】Today we associate Aesop's fables with childhood, and the Victorians are largely
responsible for that. 我们今天把伊索寓言与童年联系起来，这主要归咎于维多利亚时期。
（R#35 Aesop's Fables）


【原文出处-2】Although the Open Door is generally associated with China, it also received
recognition at the Berlin Conference of 1885. 虽然门户开放政策通常会被和中国联系到一起，但它也
在 1885 年柏林会议上得到了认可。
（R#2 Open Door Policy）


【原文出处-3】If you receive a large dose, or if you ingest radioactive heavy metals, it is certainly
toxic, and we tend to associate it with cancer, a great fear in modern society.
如果你接受大剂量的辐射，或者摄入放射性重金属，它肯定是有毒的，我们倾向于把它与现代社会的一大
恐惧——癌症联系在一起。
[R#274 Radioactivity (B)]


4. have/provide access to 可以达到；可以使用
【原文出处-1】He called it the "global village", and said it would be an age when everyone had
access to the same information through technology. 他称其为“地球村”
                                                           ，并说这将是一个人人都能
通过技术获得相同信息的时代。
（R#194 McLuhan）


【原文出处-2】The activities provide access to learning opportunities in schools and university
campuses and are aimed primarily at older people who have had little or no education. 这些活动
提供了在学校和大学校园学习的机会，主要面向受过很少教育或没有受过教育的老年人。
（R#149 Elder Academy）


    5．make comparisons between ... and ... 把...和...作比较
【原文出处】This article makes comparisons between Australia and seven other OECD countries
in fertility rates between 1970 and 2004. 本文对澳大利亚 1970-2004 年的生育率与其他 7 个经合组
织（经济合作与发展组织）国家的生育率进行了比较。
（R#90 Low Fertility）


6．run counter to 与...相反
【原文出处】The finding runs counter to the idea that Amazonian diversity is the result of
evolution only within the tropical forest itself. 这一发现与“亚马逊的多样性只是热带森林内部进化的
结果”这一观点背道而驰。
（R#117 Colorful Poison Frogs）


7．take a risk of doing sth 冒险做某事
【原文出处】There were no roads or quickest means of travel for people so they took a risk of
traversing in the air using this heated air vessel. 当时没有公路，也没有最快捷的交通工具，所以人
们冒险使用这种热气船在空中穿越。
（R#374 Air Balloons）


8．provide new insights into 提供新的见解
【原文出处】Aaron Sloman, author of Computer Revolution in Philosophy delves into the world
of connections between ideas developed in computer science, biology and philosophy,
providing new insights into some fundamental questions about the nature of consciousness
and free will. Aaron Sloman，《哲学中的计算机革命》一书的作者，深入研究了计算机科学、生物学和
哲学中发展起来的思想之间的联系，为意识和自由意志的本质的一些基本问题提供了新的见解。
（R#340 Computer Science）


9．have an impact/impacts on/upon 对...有影响
【原文出处-1】Factors such as low socioeconomic status, long-term unemployment of parents,
and social isolation may have lasting impacts on a child's chance of reaching their full potential.
社会经济地位低、父母长期失业和社会孤立等因素可能对儿童充分发挥潜力的机会产生长期影响。
（R#120 Disadvantage in Early Childhood）


【原文出处-2】Calling a gem an "emerald" instead of a "green beryl" can have a significant
impact upon its price and marketability. 将宝石称为“祖母绿”而不是“绿色柱石”会对其价格和市
场性产生重大影响。
（RW#667 Emerald）
10．have no connection with 与...没有联系
【原文出处】The American executive, unlike the British, has no connection with the legislature,
and this lack of coordination between executive and legislature is one of the distinctive features
of American federal government. 与英国不同，美国的行政机关与立法机关没有联系，这种行政机关与
立法机关之间缺乏协调是美国联邦政府的显著特点之一。
（R#180 American Executive）


11．fall short of 短缺；达不到
【原文出处】Despite its name, though Burger King has fallen short of claiming the burger
crown, unable to surpass market leader McDonald's No 1 sales status. 尽管它叫“汉堡王”
                                                                             ，但它并
没有取得汉堡的桂冠，也无法超越麦当劳的销量冠军。
（RW#554 Burger King）


12．take action on 采取行动
【原文出处】Due to its unique international character, and the powers vested in its founding
Charter, the organization can take action on a wide range of issues and provide a forum for its
193 Member States to express their views, through the General Assembly, the Security Council,
the Economic and Social Council and other bodies and committees. 由于其独特的国际性质和其创
始宪章所赋予的权力，本组织可以就广泛的问题采取行动，并为其 193 个会员国提供一个论坛，通过大
会，安全理事会，经济及社会理事会和其他机构和委员会表达其观点。
（RW#700 United Nations）
二、固定搭配之「动词+介词」形式

13．participate in 参加，参与
【原文出处】Civics and citizenship education builds student's knowledge and understanding of
the ways in which citizens can actively participate in Australia's diverse and inclusive society. 公
民学和公民教育构建和培养学生认识和理解公民应怎样积极参与澳大利亚多元包容社会。
（R#279 Citizenship Education）


14．focus on 关注；集中于
【原文出处-1】It's faster, it makes arguments easier to follow, it increases the chances a busy
reader will bother to pay attention, and it lets you focus more attention on your moments of
rhetorical flourish, which I do not advise abandoning altogether. 它的速度更快，使论点更容易理
解，它使忙碌的读者可以费心去关注到它，它让你更加关注你使用华丽辞藻——我不建议你完全放弃这一
点。
（R#13 Plainness, RW#688 Writing Style）


【原文出处-2】Mike's research is focused on bacteria that inhabit extreme environments, and for
the past 12 years he has studied the microbiology of permanently ice-covered lakes in the
McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica. 迈克的研究主要集中在极端环境里的细菌，在过去的 12 年里，他一
直在研究南极麦克默多干谷中永久被冰覆盖的湖泊的微生物学。
（R#350 Carski Award, RW#568 Carski Award）


15．blame on 归咎于
【原文出处】Most recently, Exeter University closed down its chemistry department, blaming it
on "market forces", and Bristol took in some of the refugees. 最近，埃克塞特大学关闭了化学系，
将其归咎于“市场力量”
          ，并且布里斯托尔收容了一些难民。
（R#14 University Science）


16．depend on 取决于
【原文出处-1】The extent to which they are important, or whether they even exist, depends
mainly on two factors. 它们在多大程度上重要，甚至是否存在，主要取决于两个因素。
（R#130 Agrarian Parties）


【原文出处-2】The morality of the welfare state depends on contribution and responsibility. 福利
国家的道德取决于贡献和责任。
（R#208 Welfare Morality）


17．relate to 与...相联系；与...相关；与...相处
【原文出处-1】The debate about civil society ultimately is about how culture, market and state
relate to each other. 关于公民社会的辩论归根结底是文化、市场和国家如何联系彼此。
（R#138 Civil Society and the Market）


【原文出处-2】"The reason for this trade-off is unclear, but it probably relates to the fact that
you rarely see inverted faces", says Sheehan. 希恩说：
                                                 “这种取舍的原因尚不清楚，但很可能与你很少
看到倒立的脸有关。
        ”
（R#257 Trade-off）


【原文出处-3】Of course, all three had to work and interact with adults, but all three really
related well to children and their simpler worlds. 当然，这三个人都必须得与成年人一起工作和互
动，但这三个人都与孩子们和他们的单纯世界相处得很好。
（RW#572 Hans Christian Andersen）


18．refer to 指的是
【原文出处】…putting these two words together, we get the term plate tectonics, which refers to
how the Earth’s surface is built of plates. 把这两个词放在一起，我们就得到了板块构造这个术语，
指的是地球表面是如何由板块构成的。
（R#143 Plates）


19．consist of 由…组成；包含
【原文出处-1】It is an alloy consisting mostly of tin which has been mixed with small amounts of
other metals such as copper, lead or antimony to harden it and make it more durable. 它是一种合
金，主要由锡组成，与少量其它金属如铜、铅或锑混合以使其硬化并使其更耐用。
（R#196 Pewter）


【原文出处-2】The Collection dates from the 8th century to the present day, and consists of
portraits in a variety of media, so the Gallery employs Conservators with expertise in a range of
disciplines, including Framing, Painting, Paper, Sculpture and Photography. 该画廊的藏品可追溯到
8 世纪至今，包括各种媒体上的肖像，因此画廊聘请了在装框、绘画、纸张、雕塑和摄影等领域具有专业
知识的管理人员。
[R#162 National Portrait Gallery (B)]


20．campaign against 开展/参加反对…的活动
【原文出处】Hence the government campaigns against smoking, alcoholism, obesity and gas
guzzling‐the first two solidly in place, the other two ramping up. 因此，政府发起了反对吸烟、酗
酒、肥胖和大量消耗汽油的运动——前两项运动基本实现，后两项运动进展迅速。
（R#208 Welfare Morality）
21．collaborate with 与…合作
【原文出处】In his last phase, he wrote tragicomedies, also known as romances, and
collaborated with other playwrights. 在他最后的阶段，他写了悲喜剧，也被称为浪漫剧，并与其他剧
作家合作。
（R#272 Shakespeare's Work）


22．collaborate on 在…方面合作
【原文出处】The Texas Cosmology Center will be a way for the university's departments of
Astronomy and Physics to collaborate on research that concerns them both. 德克萨斯宇宙学中心
将是大学天文学和物理系合作进行与他们都有关的研究的一个途径。
（R#4 Dark Matter）


23．lead to 导致
【原文出处】This led to its use in fireworks and in gunpowder weapons. 这导致它被用于烟火和火
药武器。
（R#25 Gunpowder）


24．not to put too fine a point on it 坦率直白地说；说实话
【原文出处】And if the paper records don't exist, we need to get out and start interviewing
people, not to put too fine a point on it, while we still have a chance. 如果纸质记录不存在，坦白
地说，在我们还有机会的时候，我们得要走出去、去采访人们。
（R#68 Sportswomen）


25．distinguish between ... and ... 区分...和...
【原文出处】As has been shown several times in the literature, some children are able to
distinguish between programs and commercials and are aware of the intent of TV advertising,
whereas others are not. 如文献中多次所示：一些孩子能够区分节目和广告，知道电视广告的意图，而
另一些孩子则不知道。
（R#82 Kids Distinguish Commercial Ads）


26．rely on 依赖于；依靠于
【原文出处】Under natural conditions, turtles hatch predominantly at night (although some early
morning and late afternoon emergences occur) and show an innate and well-directed
orientation to the water, relying mostly on light cues that attract them toward the brighter
horizon above the sea surface. 在自然条件下，海龟以孵化为主，在晚上（虽然会有一些清晨和傍晚的
浮现）
  ，它们对水有一种与生俱来的，方向明确的定向，主要依靠光的暗示将它们吸引到海面上更明亮的
地平线上。
（R#87 Light Pollution）


27．move away from 从...离开；远离...
【原文出处】Artificial lighting on beaches is strongly attractive to hatchlings and can cause them
to move away from the sea and interfere with their ability to orient in a constant direction. 海滩
上的人工照明对幼体有很强的吸引力，会使它们远离海洋，干扰它们朝固定方向定向的能力。
（R#87 Light Pollution）


28．derive from 源于
【原文出处-1】To this I answer, in one word, from experience. In that, all our knowledge is
founded ; and from that it ultimately derives it self. 对此，我的回答是，用一个单词，来自经验。基
于经验，我们的知识衍生出来。
（R#95 White Paper）


【原文出处-2】The name of the movement is derived from Claude Monet's Impression, Sunrise
(Impression, soleil levant). 这个运动的名字来源于克劳德·莫奈的日出·印象（法语：日出·印象）。
（RW#547 Impressionist）


29．bind to 与...结合
【原文出处】In one approach, researchers coat a plasmonic nanomaterial with a substance that
binds to a molecule of interest —— say, a bacterial toxin. 在一种方法中，研究人员在一种等离子体
纳米材料上涂上一种能与感兴趣的分子（比如细菌毒素）结合的物质。
（R#381 Plasmonic Materials）


30．delve into 深入探讨
【原文出处】Aaron Sloman, author of Computer Revolution in Philosophy delves into the world
of connections between ideas developed in computer science, biology and philosophy, providing
new insights into some fundamental questions about the nature of consciousness and free will.
Aaron Sloman，《哲学中的计算机革命》一书的作者，深入研究了计算机科学，生物学和哲学中发展起来
的思想之间的联系，为意识和自由意志的本质的一些基本问题提供了新的见解。
（R#340 Computer Science）


31．fit in with 适应；融入
【原文出处】Dressing conservatively is always the safest route, but you should also try and do a
little investigating of your prospective employer so that what you wear to the interview makes
you look as though you fit in with the organization. 保守着装永远是最安全的选择，但你也应该试着
对你未来的雇主做一点调查，这样你在面试中的穿着就会让你看起来像是融入了公司。
（RW#562 Job Hunting）
32．bring about 导致
【原文出处】Fundamentally, it is the closer integration of the countries and the peoples of the
world which has been brought about by the enormous reduction in the costs of transportation
and communication, and the breaking down of the artificial barriers to the flow of goods,
services, capital, knowledge, and, to a lesser extent, people across borders. 从根本上说，这是由于
运输和通讯费用的大幅度降低，以及货物、服务、资本、知识流动的人为障碍的打破，以及在较小程度上
人员跨界流动的人为障碍的打破，使世界各国和各国人民更加紧密地融合在一起。
（R#329 Globlization）


33．reckon with 处理，解决（棘手的事情）
                          ；应付（有权势的人）
【原文出处】By drawing top-notch faculty, attracting the brightest students and investing in the
quality of our academic programs, we are a force to reckon with on a national basis . 通过吸引顶
尖的教师，吸引最聪明的学生，并投资于（提高）我们学术项目的质量，我们成为全国范围内是一支不可
忽视的力量。
（R#293 The University of Maryland）


21. share with 与...分享
【原文出处】They do, however, share with literary fiction and television drama the basic
structure and functions of narrative. 然而，它们确实与文学小说和电视剧一样具有叙事的基本结构和
功能。
（R#286 Feature Films）


22. concern with 关心；与...有关
【原文出处-1】For people concerned with African development, it seemed to offer the
possibility of leapfrogging over the technology gap that separates Africa from advanced
industrialized countries. 对于关心非洲发展的人来说，这似乎提供了跨越技术差距的可能性，技术差距
使非洲与先进工业化国家隔绝。
（R#240 Internet Growth）


【原文出处-2】Interior design is concerned with the function and operation of the aesthetics
and its sustainability. 室内设计关注的是美学的功能和运作及其可持续性。
（RW#117 Interior Design）


23. separate A from B 使 A 和 B 分隔开来
【原文出处】For people concerned with African development, it seemed to offer the possibility of
leapfrogging over the technology gap that separates Africa from advanced industrialized
countries. 对于关心非洲发展的人来说，这似乎提供了跨越技术差距的可能性，技术差距使非洲与先进工
业化国家隔绝。
（R#240 Internet Growth）


24. date from 追溯到
【原文出处】The Collection dates from the 8th century to the present day, and consists of
portraits in a variety of media, so the Gallery employs Conservators with expertise in a range of
disciplines, including Framing, Painting, Paper, Sculpture and Photography. 该画廊的藏品可追溯到
8 世纪至今，包括各种媒体上的肖像，因此画廊聘请了在装框、绘画、纸张、雕塑和摄影等领域具有专业
知识的管理人员。
[R#162 National Portrait Gallery (B)]


25. compare A against B 把 A 与 B 作比较（B 通常是一种标准或参考）
【原文出处】This software compares students work against text on the Internet, in journal
articles and within previously submitted work （from LSBU and other institutions） and
highlights any matches it finds. 该软件将学生的作业与互联网、期刊文章和以前提交的作业（来自
LSBU 和其他机构）中的文本进行比较，并突出显示找到的任何匹配项。
（R#141 Plagiarism）


26. interfere with 妨碍
【原文出处】Artificial lighting on beaches is strongly attractive to hatchlings and can cause them
to move away from the sea and interfere with their ability to orient in a constant direction. 海滩
上的人工照明对幼体有很强的吸引力，会使它们远离海洋，干扰它们朝固定方向定向的能力。
（R#87 Light Pollution）


27. contribute to 有助于
【原文出处】The idea that education can promote individual well-being indirectly, by improving
earnings and promoting social mobility, is an old one; so are notions of education helping to
promote the good society by contributing to economic growth and equality of opportunity. 教
育可以通过提高收入和促进社会流动间接提升个人福祉的观点是一个古老的观点；教育的概念也有助于通
过促进经济增长和机会平等来促进良好的社会。
（R#405 Education and Well-being）


28. belong to 属于
【原文出处】The prints found in Crete, however, belonged to a creature that appears to have
lived 5.7 million years ago, suggesting a more complex story. 然而，在克里特岛发现的指纹属于一
种似乎生活在 570 万年前的生物，这暗示了一个更为复杂的故事。
（RW#141 Footprints）
29. differ from 与...不同
【原文出处】The presentation will cover copyright's position as one of the intellectual property
rights and how it differs from other intellectual property rights. 介绍内容包括版权作为知识产权之
一的地位，以及它与其他知识产权的不同之处。
（RW#134 Copyright）


30. attune to 习惯于
【原文出处】 This implies the acceptance of the principle that development strategies should not
only be attuned to country circumstances, but also be prepared and implemented under the
leadership of the governments of the countries themselves. 这意味着接受这样一项原则，即发展战
略不仅应符合各国的情况，而且应在各国政府本身的领导下拟订和执行。
（RW#58 National Responsibility）


31. lead through 引入，带领
【原文出处】Welch is still remembered for the brutal downsizing he led his business through ,
and for the environmental pollution incidents and prosecutions. 韦尔奇领导他的公司经历了残酷的
裁员，以及环境污染事件和起诉，至今仍为人们所铭记。
（RW#53 Most Respected Companies）


32. set about 着手做
【原文出处】Last year, the recording studios set about compiling an album called ' Lost Songs',
which features songs from relatively unknown musicians. 去年，录音室准备编辑一张名为
“Lostsongs”的专辑，其中收录了一些相对不知名的音乐家的歌曲。
（RW#20 Pop Mega-stars）


33. put off 拖延
【原文出处】You need a revision timetable, so you don't keep putting it off. 你需要一个复习时间
表，这样你就不会老是拖延了。
（RW#110 When to Revise?）


34. emboss on 在...上做浮雕
【原文出处】The chin raised upwards in a haughty look; the eyes lowered in an attitude of
introspection; the head cocked at an inquisitive or coquettish angle: or the profile presented in
sharp outline, emanating power of the severity like an emperor's bust embossed on a Roman
coin. 趾高气扬的下巴；以反省的态度垂下眼睛；以好奇或风骚的角度歪着头；或者轮廓分明，散发出一
种严肃的力量，就像罗马硬币上浮雕的皇帝半身像。
（RW#119 Daniel Harris）
35. engage in 参加
【原文出处-1】“It definitely is a problem. If you don’t turn up to class you’re missing out on
the whole richness of the experience: you don’t think a whole lot, you don’t engage in
debates with other students - or with your teachers.” 如果你不去上课，你就错过了整个丰富的经
验：你不能思考很多，你不能与其他学生或你的老师进行辩论。
（RW#538 Morris）


【原文出处-2】The UN engages in peacekeeping and humanitarian missions across the globe. 联
合国在全球从事维持和平和人道主义任务。
（R#406 UN, RW#560 UN）


【原文出处-3】Trading, for example, is often accompanied by hard bargaining, in which both
sides conceal their full hand and perhaps engage in some bluffing. 例如，交易往往伴随着艰难的
讨价还价，双方都掩饰了自己的全力以赴，也许还进行了一些虚张声势。
（RW#692 Business）




36. act as 担任；充任；担当
【原文出处】Groups of children acting as peacemakers studied human rights and poverty issues.
儿童团体作为调解人研究了人权和贫穷问题。
（R#66 Children and Peace）


37. attribute to 归因于
【原文出处】The decline has been attributed to inconsistent product quality and poor customer
service. 下降的原因是产品质量不一致和客户服务不佳。
（RW#554 Burger King）


38. pore over 认真阅读
【原文出处】Jean Piaget, the pioneering Swiss philosopher and psychologist, spent much of his
professional life listening to children, watching children and poring over reports of researchers
around the world who were doing the same. 瑞士先驱哲学家和心理学家让·皮亚杰在他的职业生涯中
花了大部分时间倾听孩子们的心声，观察孩子们，并仔细研究世界各地从事同样工作的研究人员的报告。
（RW#558 Jean Piaget）


39. converge on 汇集，集中
【原文出处】The advantage of group discussion is that people can overcome linear sequence of
words by converging on ideas from different directions; which makes for wholeness of thought.
小组讨论的优势在于，人们可以通过从不同方向汇聚观点来克服线性的词序列；使思想更加完整。
（RW#18 Wholeness of Thought）


40. prefer... to ... 相比...更喜欢...
【原文出处】Those who prefer watching television to reading the book are less likely to study
law successfully, unless they rapidly acquire a taste for text-based materials. 那些喜欢看电视而不
喜欢读这本书的人，除非他们很快就对文本材料有了兴趣，否则他们不太可能成功地学习法律。
（RW#582 Hard Work）


41. carry out 实行，执行
【原文出处-1】The space work for an astronaut can be inside or outside, inside they can monitor
machines and the work is carried out alongside the craft. 宇航员的太空工作可以在舱内也可以在舱
外，在舱内他们可以监视机器，这项工作是与航天器一起进行的。
（RW#584 Space Work）


【原文出处-2】When we're carrying out research in schools, it can be really hard to meaningfully
assess how very young children are feeling. 当我们在学校进行研究时，很难有意义地评估非常年幼的
孩子的感受。
（RW#649 Questionnaire）


42. divide into 把...分成
【原文出处】Those structures, both neatly divided into opposite facing rows of cow stalls,
dwarfed all other barns in the district. 这两座建筑整齐地分成对面的一排排奶牛摊位，使区内所有其
他谷仓相形见绌。
（RW#588 Farms）


43. adapt to 适应
【原文出处】Everything that arrived from China was adapted to suit Japanese tastes and needs.
从中国运来的每样东西都适应了日本人的口味和需要。
（RW#616 Japan and China）


44. occur to 想到
【原文出处】When we listen to speech, we can be led to think thoughts that have never been
thought before and that never would have occurred to us on our own. 当我们听演讲时，我们会
被引导去思考以前从未想过的，我们自己也不会想到的想法。
（RW#686 Language）


45. puzzle about 对...困惑
【原文出处】Parents often puzzle about why their children are so different from one another. 父
母们常常困惑为什么他们的孩子彼此如此不同。
（RW#695 Siblings）


46. bring up 培育
【原文出处】They' ll say, I brought them up all the same. 他们会说，我把他们都养大了。
（RW#695 Siblings）


47. summarize... for... 把...总结为
【原文出处】This lecture will summarize the current evidence for Dark Energy and future surveys
in which UCL is heavily involved: the ' Dark Energy Survey', the Hubble Space Telescope and the
proposed Euclid space mission. 本讲座将总结暗能量的现有证据和 UCL 积极参与的未来调查：“暗能
量调查”，哈勃太空望远镜和拟议中的欧几里德太空飞行任务。
（RW#696 Bizarre Universe）


48. open up （使某事物）成为可能，可得到，可达到
【原文出处】The intersection of Humanities and digital technologies is opening up
opportunities in the fields of literature, linguistics, history and language that were not possible
without computational methods and digitized resources to bring information together in an
accessible way. 人文科学和数字技术的交叉点正在文学、语言学、历史和语言领域开辟机会，没有计算
方法和数字化资源，就不可能以可获取的方式将信息汇集在一起。
（RW#698 Australian Women Novelists）
三、固定搭配之「动词+副词」形式

1. die out 逐渐消亡
【原文出处】With today's incredible rate of technological change a lot of age-old human skills
may be getting left behind or dying out. 如今的技术变革速度变化令人难以置信，许多古老的人类技
能可能因而被遗忘或消失。
（R#37 Technological Change）


2. fall apart 崩溃
【原文出处】Without the trees, species can disappear, the natural water balance can become
disrupted and the ecosystem that supports the human population can fall apart. 没有了树木，物
种就会消失，自然的水平衡就会被打乱，支撑人类的生态系统就会分崩离析。
（R#314 Deforestation）


3. tear down 崩溃
【原文出处】What is done cannot usually be undone, especially when buildings are torn down.
所做的事情通常是无法挽回的，尤其是当建筑物被拆毁时。
（R#265 Paris, RW#80 Very Old Paris）


4. run aground 搁浅
【原文出处】They have been part of local consciousness since a Japanese whaling ship ran
aground near the western end of the 1,100-mile （1,800-km） volcanic archipelago in 1780,
inadvertently naming what is now Rat Island when the ship's infestation scurried ashore and
made itself at home. 自从 1780 年一艘日本捕鲸船在这片 1100 英里（1800 公里）长的火山群岛西端
搁浅以来，沉船就一直是当地观念的组成部分。当这艘捕鲸船上的老鼠们匆匆上岸把这里当做自己的家园
时，实际上已经无意中给现在叫做鼠岛这个地方起了名字。
（R#207 Shipwrecks）


5. warm up 变暖
【原文出处】While they're just now learning to listen, the sounds of ice could help them
understand the behavior and breakup of icebergs and ice shelves as the poles warm up. 当他们
刚刚学会倾听，这些冰的声音可以帮助他们理解冰山和冰架在两极变暖时的行为和破裂。
（RW#43 Icebergs' Sound）


6. string out 吸毒成瘾而身体虚弱
【原文出处】When that happens, staff will help the person- strung out and now a little stressed
- fish their drugs out of the rubbish. 当这种情况发生时，工作人员会帮助毒瘾缠身且有点紧张兮兮的
病人，把他们的毒品从垃圾中捞出来。
（RW#38 Drugs）


7. cut in 切入
【原文出处】There is little difficulty in conversation, because the listener receives innumerable
cues from the physical expressions of the speaker; there is a dialogue, and the listener can cut in
at any time. 在谈话中几乎没有什么困难，因为听者从说话者的肢体表达中接收到无数的暗示；有对话，
听者可以随时插话。
（RW#18 Wholeness of Thought）


8. stick out 伸出来
【原文出处】These snakes have spines that stick out from the backbone. 这些蛇的脊骨从脊柱上伸
出来。
（RW#570 Egg-eating Snakes）


9. pay up 全部付清
【原文出处】There isn't a financial director around who wouldn't like to accelerate cash flow by
reducing debtor days - in other words, get customers to pay up faster. 没有一个财务总监不愿意通
过缩短欠债天数来加速现金流——换句话说，就是让客户更快地付款。
（R#325 Debtor）


10. blow in 吹过来；突然造访
【原文出处】Ozone chemists have known that concentrations may spike skyscraper high in city
air, but during a full 24 hours, rural trees actually get a higher cumulative ozone exposure from
urban pollution that blows in and lingers. 臭氧化学家已经知道，城市空气中的臭氧浓度可能会达到
摩天大楼的高度，但在整整 24 小时内，乡村树木实际上会从城市污染中获得更高的累积臭氧暴露。
（RW#179 Ozone）


11. take off 腾飞；取得成功
【原文出处】Transcription software is being developed for turning scans of books and
documents into text, as the field of digital humanities really takes off. 随着数字人文科学领域的真
正腾飞，转录软件正在开发中，用于将图书和文件的扫描转换成文本。
（RW#698 Australian Women Novelists）
四、固定搭配之「be+形容词+介词」形式

1. be aware of 意识到、明白
【原文出处】...some children are able to distinguish between programs and commercials and are
aware of the intent of TV advertising, whereas others are not. 一些孩子能够区分节目和广告，知道
电视广告的意图，而另一些孩子则不知道。
（R#82 Kids Distinguish Commercial Ads）


2. be capable of 能够…
【原文出处】…the fact that a microorganism is capable of destroying one of another species was
not established until the latter half of the 19th century. 但直到 19 世纪下半叶，微生物能消灭另一个
物种这一事实才被证实。
（R#16 Microorganism）


3. be able to 有能力做某事
【原文出处】…some children are able to distinguish between programs and commercials and are
aware of the intent of TV advertising, whereas others are not. 一些孩子能够区分节目和广告，知道
电视广告的意图，而另一些孩子则不知道。
（R#82 Kids Distinguish Commercial Ads）


4. be embarrassed about 对...感到尴尬
【原文出处】This applies equally to the 14-year-old who fails to attend school because a parent
is terminally ill, the overweight 11 -year-old who fails to attend because he is embarrassed
about changing for PE in front of peers, the 15-year-old who is 'bored' by lessons, and to the
seven-year-old who is teased in the playground because she does not wear the latest designer-
label clothes. 这同样适用于因为父母患绝症而没有上学、14 岁的孩子；因为在同龄人面前转学而感到尴
尬而没有上学、11 岁的超重孩子；因为上课而感到“厌烦”、15 岁的孩子；以及因为不穿最新的名牌衣
服而在操场上被取笑 7 岁的孩子。
（R#98 Truancy, RW#104 Truancy）


5. be ingrained in 根深蒂固的
【原文出处】He says that music is ingrained in our auditory, cognitive and motor functions. 他说
音乐在我们的听觉、认知和运动功能中根深蒂固。
（R#112 Steven Pinker）


6. be integrated with 与…相结合
【原文出处】The other is a matter of social integration: for agrarian parties to be important, the
representation of countryside or peasantry must not be integrated with the other major
sections of society. 另一个问题是社会融合问题：要使农业党派发挥重要作用，农村或农民的代表就不
应与社会其他主要阶层融合在一起。
（R#130 Agrarian Parties）


7. be hopeful of 对某事感到希望
【原文出处】But as the months went by and the emigres who remained in the city were less and
less hopeful of an early return home, the mood of the Romans became increasingly antagonistic
towards the 'assassins of Paris. 但随着时间的推移，留在这座城市的移民们对早日回国的希望越来越渺
茫，罗马人对“巴黎刺客”的敌意也越来越强烈。
（R#188 Roman People）


8. be engaged in 从事于，卷入
【原文出处】Instead, they do various things like governing and are priests, and are bureaucrats,
and are engaged in other nonproductive activities that depend upon others to feed them. 取而
代之的是，他们做着各种各样的事情，比如管理、做牧师、做官僚，从事其他非生产性的活动，依靠别人
养活自己。
（R#211 Civilization）


9. be curious about 对…好奇
【原文出处】Paradoxically, we can be curious about word origins and the stories behind the
structures we find in our language, but we experience a queasy distaste for any change that
might be happening right under our noses. 自相矛盾的是，我们可能对我们语言中的词源和结构背后
的故事感到好奇，但我们对任何可能在我们眼皮底下发生的变化感到厌恶。
（R#271 Changing English, RW#714 English in Change）


10. be rooted in 根源于；植根于
【原文出处】As a specific policy, it was first advanced by the United States, but it was rooted in
the typical most-favored-nation clause of the treaties concluded with China after the Opium War
（1839-42）. 作为一项具体政策，虽然它最早是由美国提出的，然而它却根源于鸦片战争后（1839-
1842）
    （西方列强）与中国签订的条约中具有代表性的最惠国待遇条款。
（R#2 Open Door Policy）


11. be notable for 因...而著名
【原文出处】Long before they were discovered by Europeans, a Polynesian race of warriors, the
Maoris, had sailed across the Pacific from the northeast and established a civilization notable for
the brilliance of its art and the strength of its military system. 早在欧洲人发现毛利人之前，毛利人
这一波利尼西亚勇士种族就已经从东北部横渡太平洋，建立了一个以艺术辉煌和军事体系强大而闻名的文
明。
（R#38 Polynesian Islands）


12. be interested in 对...感兴趣
【原文出处】Psychology is a suitable course of study for those interested in all aspects of human
thought and behavior. 心理学是适合对人类思想和行为方方面面都感兴趣的人的一门课程。
（R#46 Psychology）


13. be applied to 适用于
【原文出处】There are a range of influential approaches to the subject, which are applied to
such areas as child development, health, education and sports. 在这个问题上有一系列有影响力的
办法，适用于儿童发展，保健，教育和体育等领域。
（R#46 Psychology）


14. be obsessed with 对...着迷
【原文出处】We're obsessed with health and weight loss but face an unprecedented epidemic
of obesity. 我们痴迷于健康和减肥，但面临着前所未有的肥胖流行。
（R#53）


15. be willing to do something 愿意做某事
【原文出处】The real questions are: How much of the warming is our fault, and are we willing to
slow the devastation by controlling our insatiable appetite for fossil fuels? 真正的问题是：气候变
暖在多大程度上是我们的错，我们是否愿意通过控制我们对化石燃料永不满足的胃口来减缓这场灾难？
（R#59 Hotter Earth）


16. be inconsistent with something 与某事不一致，不符合
【原文出处】Above all, the monopoly over power of an ideologically bankrupt party is
inconsistent with the pluralism of opinion, security of property and vibrant competition on
which a dynamic economy depends. 最重要的是，意识形态破产的党派对权力的垄断与生机勃勃的经
济所依赖的意见多元化、财产安全和充满活力的竞争是不相符的。
（R#76 Rampant Corruption）


17. be possible to 对...来说是可能的
【原文出处】 Without knowledge of atomic structures, how would it be possible to tell elements
from compounds? 没有原子结构的知识，怎么可能区分元素和化合物呢？
（RW#115 The Speech of Alchemy）


18. be awed by 对...感到敬畏
【原文出处】He and his cohort of scientific naturalists were awed by the beauty of the
Neotropics, where they collected tens of thousands of species new to science. 他和他的科学博物
学家团队对新热带的美丽感到敬畏，他们在那里收集了数万种新的科学物种。
（RW#740 Charles Darwin）


19. be correlated with 与...有互相关系的
【原文出处】In their paper in Bio Science, the two researchers showed that reintroducing the
wolves was correlated with increased growth of willow and cottonwood in the park. 在他们发表
在《生物科学》杂志上的论文中，两位研究人员指出，重新引入狼群与公园内柳树和白杨的生长增加有
关。
（R#115 Wolf's Perspective, RW#595 Wolves and Willow）


20. be likely to do something 很有可能；倾向于
【原文出处】Though no one is sure exactly what its effects will be, it seems that extreme weather
conditions, such as storms and hurricanes, are likely to become more common. 虽然没有人确切
地确定它的影响会是什么，但像风暴和飓风这样的极端天气状况似乎会变得更加普遍。
（R#359 Weather Predictions）


21. be scared of 对...感到恐怕
【原文出处】Most of us are scared of open conflict and avoid it if we can. 我们大多数人都害怕公
开的冲突，并且尽可能地避免它。
（R#320 Conflict）


22. be exposed to 暴露于；曝光于
【原文出处】When our skin is directly exposed to the sun, our bodies make vitamin D, a vital
tool that helps with calcium absorption and building strong bones. 当我们的皮肤直接暴露在阳光
下时，我们的身体会产生维他命 D，这是一种重要的工具，有助于钙的吸收和强健骨骼的形成。
（R#318 Vitamin D）


23. be convinced that 相信...
【原文出处】There are even language critics who are convinced that English is dying, or if not
dying at least being progressively crippled through long years of mistreatment. 甚至有语言批评家
相信英语正在消亡，或者如果不是消亡，至少会因长期的虐待而逐渐受到损害。
（R#271 Changing English）


24. be considered as 被认为是...
【原文出处】The VIIIth century is the milestone where Breton, Cornish and Welsh are considered
as different languages. 八世纪是一个里程碑，那时布雷顿森林体系、康沃尔语和威尔士语被认为是不同
的语言。
（R#260 Breton Language）


25. be suitable for 适合...
【原文出处】As we discover more about how our genes and our environment interact, it's
becoming increasingly difficult to provide a single set of dietary recommendations that will be
suitable for everyone. 随着我们发现更多关于基因和环境如何相互作用的信息，提供一套适合每个人的
饮食建议变得越来越困难。
（R#195 Nutrition）


26. be important to 对...来说很重要
【原文出处】Getting enough sleep is important to your health because it boosts your immune
system, which makes your body better able to fight disease. 充足的睡眠对你的健康很重要，因为它
能增强你的免疫系统，使你的身体更好地抗击疾病。
                      （R#137 The Amount of Sleep）


27. be distracted by 被...分散注意力
【原文出处】We were from the 1970s until the end of the century distracted by the important
global problem of stratospheric ozone depletion, which we knew was manageable. 从 1970 年代
到本世纪末，我们一直被平流层臭氧消耗这一重要的全球问题分心，我们知道这个问题是可以控制的。
（R#110 Science Warn Global Warming）


28. be incompatible with 与...相矛盾
【原文出处】It is nonetheless a stunning number, which refutes the claim by some
environmentalists that permanent economic growth is fundamentally incompatible with finite
physical resources. 然而，这是一个令人震惊的数字，它驳斥了一些环境学家的说法，即永久的经济增
长与有限的物质资源根本不相容。
（RW#168 Fossil Fuels, R#407 Fossil Fuel）


29. be responsible for 对...负责
【原文出处】This question was already addressed by some of the leading natural scientists of the
19th century such as Charles Darwin, Alfred Russel Wallace and Charles Lyell, who all came to the
same conclusion—water birds must be responsible for fish dispersal. 19 世纪的一些主要的自然科
学家，如查尔斯达尔文、阿尔弗雷德拉塞尔华莱士和查尔斯莱尔，已经提出了这个问题，他们都得出了同
样的结论——水鸟必须对鱼类的扩散负责。
（RW#130 Small Lakes）


30. be filled with 被...充满
【原文出处】 Fossils found here show the Forest was once a tropical region, filled with towering
trees and extraordinary creatures. 在这里发现的化石表明这片森林曾经是热带地区，到处都是参天大
树和非凡的生物。
（RW#114 Petrified Forest）


31. be honored with 被授予
【原文出处】Professor Joseph Monaghan who pioneered an influential method for interpreting
the behavior of liquids that underlies most special effects involving water has been honored
with election to the Australian Academy of Sciences. Joseph Monaghan 教授开创了一种解释液体
行为的有影响力的方法，这种方法是大多数涉及水的特效的基础，他被授予澳大利亚科学院的荣誉。
（RW#621 Fluid Behavior）


32. be qualified for 有...的资格
【原文出处】Serving on a jury is normally compulsory for individuals who are qualified for jury
service.有资格担任陪审员的个人通常必须担任陪审员。
（RW#625 Jury）


33. be unwilling to do something 不愿意做某事
【原文出处】But now, with many UK residents unwilling or unable to afford the fee - top
boarding schools edging towards £30,000 ($49,759) a year - and a cultural shift away from
boarding, many schools are looking abroad to survive. 但现在，随着许多英国居民不愿或无力负担
学费 [最贵的寄宿学校每年费用接近 3 万英镑（合 49759 美元）]，以及文化上的转变，许多学校都在寻
求海外生存。
（RW#633 Private Schools）


34. be suitable for 对...合适
【原文出处】As we discover more about how our genes and our environment interact , it's
becoming increasingly difficult to provide a single set of dietary recommendations that will be
suitable for everyone. 随着我们更多地了解基因和环境之间的相互作用，提供一套适合每个人的饮食建
议变得越来越困难。
（RW#659 Nutrition Scientists）


35. be accompanied by 伴随有
【原文出处】Trading, for example, is often accompanied by hard bargaining, in which both sides
conceal their full hand and perhaps engage in some bluffing. 例如，交易往往伴随着艰难的讨价还
价，双方都掩饰了自己的全力以赴，也许还进行了一些虚张声势。
（RW#692 Business）


36. be classed as 被看作，被认为
【原文出处】In this respect, it is usually classed as one of the social sciences (along with subjects
like psychology) and was established as a subject in the late 18th century (through the work of
people like the French writer Auguste Comte). 在这方面，它通常被归类为一门社会科学（以及心理
学等学科）
    ，并在 18 世纪末（通过法国作家奥古斯特·孔德等人的著作）被确立为一门学科。
（RW#697 Sociology）


37. be intended for 打算为
【原文出处】Debt-for-Development Exchanges: History and New Applications is intended for a
wide audience including: academics from a range of disciplines (including accounting and
finance); non-Government organisations (NGOs); civil society groups; and, both debtor and
creditor governments and public sector organization. 债务换发展：历史和新的应用面向广泛的受
众，包括：来自一系列学科（包括会计和金融）的学者、非政府组织、民间社会团体以及债务国政府和债
权国政府以及公共部门组织。
（RW#720 Debt, Poverty and Development）


38. be fortified with 表示（加入某物）强化（食品或饮料）
                                      ；提高（食物）的影响价值
【原文出处】A high-protein diet in which the protein comes from protein powders and
supplements is unlikely to be healthy, unless the supplements are fortified with vitamins and
minerals. 蛋白质来自蛋白粉和补充剂的高蛋白饮食不太可能是健康的，除非补充剂中含有维生素和矿物
质。
（RW#726 High-protein Diet）


39. be liable to 易于做某事
【原文出处】Novices are peculiarly liable to this fault, usually through allowing themselves to be
too easily satisfied. 新手特别容易犯这种错误，通常是因为他们太容易满足自己。
（RW#729 Bad Title）


40. be modelled on 以...为模式
【原文出处】This framework is modelled on the current senior science curricula that were
developed and published by the Australian Curriculum, Assessment and Reporting Authority. 这
一框架是以澳大利亚课程，评估和报告局制定和公布的现行高级科学课程为模式。
（RW#730 APS）
五、固定搭配之「名词+介词」形式

1. exposure to 暴露，接触
【原文出处】"Dr. Fuller, lecturer in biodiversity and conservation at the University of Queens' and
CSIRO, will explore the fact that although there's evidence that the well-being of humans
increases with exposure to our surrounding biodiversity, the opportunities for people to
experience nature are declining rapidly in the modern world. 皇后大学和 CSIRO 的生物多样性与保
护讲师富勒博士，将探讨这样一个事实：尽管有证据表明，人们随着周围生物多样性的丰富而变得更健
康。但在现代世界，人们体验自然的机会正在迅速减少。
（R#213 Concrete Jungle）


2. skill in 某方面的技巧
【原文出处】The casual observer does not necessarily recognize the skill in how a teacher, for
instance, responds to a thoughtful question from a normally quiet student and how that may be
very different from the 'standard response' to a commonly inquisitive or talkative student. 例如，
漫不经心的观察者并不一定认识到教师如何回答通常安静的学生提出的深思熟虑的问题的技巧，也不一定
认识到这与对通常好奇或健谈的学生的“标准反应”有何不同。
（R#242 Standard Response）


3. the heart of 某事的核心，重点
【原文出处】They are at the heart of advances in science and technology, as well as providing
indispensable problem-solving and decision-making tools in many areas of life. 它们是科学和技术
进步的核心，并在生活的许多领域提供不可或缺的解决问题和决策工具。
（R#259 Mathematics and Statistics）


4. a means of 一种方式，一种手段
【原文出处】If trade was to continue growing at this rate, some commodity other than gold also
had to be used as a means of exchange. 如果贸易要继续以这种速度增长，除了黄金以外，还必须使
用其他一些商品作为交换手段。
（R#34 Gold）


5. a part of ...的一部分
【原文出处】Make choosing a good physical environment a part of your study habits. 把选择一
个好的物理环境作为你学习习惯的一部分。
（R#91 Study space）


6. a source of 一种...的来源
【原文出处】Plants are a source of energy production. 植物是生产能源的来源。
（R#328 Conduit of Energy）


7. a vast array of 一大批，大量
【原文出处】Forests provide a vast array of resources to all of us, including food, wood,
medicine, fresh water, and the air we breathe. 森林为我们所有人提供了大量的资源，包括食物、木
材、药品、淡水和我们呼吸的空气。
（R#314 Deforestation）


8. the equivalent of 相当于
【原文出处】Some call it 'fast fashion', the clothing equivalent of fast food. 有人称其为“快时
尚”，相当于服装界的快餐。
（R#312 T-shirt）


9. obsession with 对...的痴迷
【原文出处】I like to think of his obsession with double meanings, which he has, as a way of
responding to a division in culture, between popular and elite readers, a division that he saw as
expressive of a division in American culture between money and esteem, business and art. 我喜
欢想到他对双重含义的痴迷，这是他对文化中流行读者和精英读者之间的区分的一种回应，他认为这种区
分表达了美国文化中金钱和自尊，商业和艺术之间的区分。
（R#285 Frost's Poetry）


10. a pile of 一堆
【原文出处】Here, archaeologists have found piles of bones （ both human and animal） and
collections of stones that humans used as tools. 在这里，考古学家发现了成堆的骨头（包括人类和动
物的骨头）和一堆人类用作工具的石头。
（R#253 Lake Turkana）


11. a variety of 不同种类的；各种各样的
【原文出处-1】However, in ecologist-speak, symbiosis is a broader concept and can include
close, lasting relationships with a variety of positive or negative effects on the participants. 然
而，在生态学家看来，共生是一个更广泛的概念，可以包括对参与者产生各种积极或消极影响的密切、持
久的关系。
（R#83 Genius, R#104 Symbiosis）


【原文出处-2】Mathematical and statistical knowledge is much sought after by employers for a
wide variety of jobs, not least in teaching the subject, and a qualification in any one of the areas
we offer can bring real benefits in your professional life. 数学和统计知识是许多工作的雇主所追求
的，尤其是在教学方面，我们提供的任何一个领域的资格证书都能给你的职业生涯带来真正的好处。
（R#259 Mathematics and Statistics）


12. an amount of 大量的
【原文出处】A limited amount of anxiety can help you to be more motivated and more
purposeful.有限的焦虑可以帮助你更有动力，更有目标。
（R#108 Exams Looming）


13. a set of 一套；一系列
【原文出处】A set of basic principles for translating a theory into practice can help clarify just
what an educational implementation should (and should not) look like. 一套将理论转化为实践的基
本原则可以帮助澄清教育实施应该（和不应该）是什么样子。
（R#105 Psychological Theories）


14. campaign against 反对...的运动
【原文出处】Hence the government campaigns against smoking, alcoholism, obesity and gas
guzzling ‐ the first two solidly in place, the other two ramping up. 因此，政府发起了反对吸烟、酗
酒、肥胖和大量消耗汽油的运动--前两项运动基本实现，后两项运动进展迅速。
（R#208 Welfare Morality）


15. a shortage of ...的短缺
【原文出处】The sudden spike in prices has been caused by large exports to neighboring
countries and a shortage of supply. 价格的突然飙升是对邻国的大量出口和供应短缺造成的。
（R#199 Indian Onion）


16. (QUANT)’s worth of 价值...的某物
【原文出处】One is that the energy intensity of the world economy - the amount of energy it
takes to produce one dollar's worth of income - keeps falling, at a rate of about 2 percent. 其一
是世界经济的能源强度——创造一美元收入所需的能源——以大约 2%的速度持续下降。
（RW#168 Fossil Fuels）


17. central to   ...的核心
【原文出处】Central to Taylor's system was the desire to rationalize and standardize production
techniques in the interests of economy, efficiency and mutual prosperity. 泰勒体系的核心是为了经
济、效率和共同繁荣而使生产技术合理化和标准化的愿望。
（RW#144 Mechanical Engineering）


18. the majority of   ...的大多数
【原文出处】"Probably the majority of people applying to business school are at a point in their
careers where they know they want to shake things up, but they don't know exactly what they
would like to do with their professional lives," says Stacy Blackman, an MBA admissions
consultant based in Los Angeles. 洛杉矶 MBA 招生顾问斯泰西·布莱克曼表示：“可能大多数申请商学
院的人都处在职业生涯的一个阶段，他们知道自己想要改变现状，但他们并不清楚自己到底想在职业生涯
中做些什么。”
（RW#68 MBA Programmes）


19. bits of 少量
【原文出处】If you just change a few words, or add some bits of your own to an otherwise
reproduced passage, you will probably be penalised for plagiarism. 如果你只是改了几个字，或者
在一段其他复制的文章中添加一些你自己的内容，你很可能会因为抄袭而受到惩罚。
（RW#155 Paraphrasing）


20. an element of 少许
【原文出处】I No doubt an exaggeration, this aphorism nevertheless has an element of truth. 这
句格言无疑是夸大其词，但也有一定的道理。
（RW#682 Foreign Policy）


21. slave to 完全受（某人）控制的人
【原文出处】Now that doesn' t mean that plainness is the only good style, or that you should
become a slave to spare, unadorned writing. 这并不意味着朴素是唯一的好文体，也不意味着你应该
成为多余的，朴素的写作的奴隶。
（RW#688 Writing Style）


22. value to 对...的价值
【原文出处】But they couldn't have guessed at the complete contents of the rainforest, and they
had no idea of its value to humankind. 但他们无法猜测雨林的全部内容，也不知道它对人类的价值。
（RW#740 Charles Darwin）
六、固定搭配之介词短语

1. on the contrary 相反
【原文出处】Others have argued that, on the contrary, music, along with art and literature, is
part of what makes people human. 恰恰相反，另一些人则认为，音乐与艺术和文学一样，是使人成长
为人的一部分。
（R#112 Steven Pinker）


2. at the prospect of 期待...；一想到...，
【原文出处】Two decades ago, Kashmiri houseboat-owners rubbed their hands every spring at
the prospect of the annual influx of tourists. 20 年前，每年春天，克什米尔游艇的船主都要为每年涌
入的游客而内心窃喜。
（R#72 Kashmiri）


3. in conjunction with 与...一起
【原文出处】Gavin came up with the design as part of his Product Design Engineering degree
course, run in conjunction with Glasgow School of Art. 加文在与格拉斯哥艺术学院合作开办的产品
设计工程学位的课程中，提出了这一设计。
（#239 Hay-drying Device）


4. at the expense of 以…为代价
【原文出处】The investment in this city will be at the expense of other cities. 这个城市的投资将以
牺牲其他城市为代价。
（R#268 Investment, RW#589 One City）


5. in order to do something 目的是，为了
【原文出处】Employers often offer employees perks in addition to cash wages, for example,
membership of a health insurance or company pension scheme. If they do, they must ensure
that they are fair in providing these benefits in order to avoid discrimination. 雇主通常除了提供
现金工资，还会向雇员提供额外津贴，比如购买健康保险或参加公司退休金计划。如果他们这样做了，他
们就必须确保这些提供的福利是公平的，以免产生歧视。
（R#30）


6. off the mark 不相关；离谱
【原文出处】You don't have to look much further than family and friends to see how off the
mark this idea is. 你不必比家人和朋友看得更远，就能看出这个想法有多离谱。
（R#36）
7. for instance 比如
【原文出处-1】A spokesman for the project said: "A car mechanic for instance could find at a
glance where a part on a certain car model is so that it can be identified and repaired. ..." 该项目
的一位发言人说：“例如，汽车修理工一眼就能找到某一型号汽车上的某个部件，以便能够识别和修
理。...”
（R#62， R#354 Spokesman）


8. at the age of 在...岁的时候
【原文出处】Mozart wrote his breakthrough Piano Concerto No. 9 in E-Flat-Major at the age of
twenty-one. 莫扎特在 21 岁时写了他突破性的第 9 钢琴协奏曲第 9 降 E 大调。
（R#83 Genius）


9. in length 长度上
【原文出处】It is a well-developed single paragraph of approximately 250 words in length, which
is indented and single spaced. 这是一个精心制作的单个段落，长度约 250 字，采用缩进和单行距排
版。（RW#156 Abstract）


10. as a/the result of 作为...的结果
【原文出处-1】Most physiological processes occur as the result of chemical changes that occur
within the body. 大多数生理过程是由于体内发生的化学变化的结果。
（R#376 Chemistry）


【原文出处-2】Likewise, school buildings in terms of their architecture share remarkable
similarities internationally, as a result of shared patterns of teaching and learning （although
facilities and resources differ significantly.） 同样，由于共同的教学模式（尽管设施和资源有很大差
异），国际上的学校建筑在建筑方面有很大的相似之处。
（RW#159 Forces of Globalization）


【原文出处-3】Most physiological processes occur as the result of chemical changes that occur
within the body. 大多数生理过程都是由于体内发生的化学变化而发生的。
（RW#660 Chemistry）


11. in attempt to do something 尝试去做某事
【原文出处】In an attempt to lure new students, leading business schools - including Harvard,
Stanford, the University of Chicago and Wharton - have moved away from the unofficial
admissions and prerequisite of four years' work experience and instead have set their sights on
recent college graduates and so-called early career professionals with only a couple years of
work under their belt. 为了吸引新生，包括哈佛，斯坦福，芝加哥大学和沃顿在内的顶尖商学院已经放
弃了非官方的条件：有 4 年工作经验，转而将目光投向了刚刚毕业的大学和工作仅有几年工作时间，所谓
的早期职业人士。
（R#375 Leading Business Schools）


12. in power 掌权
【原文出处】Are the visions of those in power so clouded by special and particular interests? 当
权者的愿景是否被特殊利益所蒙蔽？
（R#365 Economic Dimension）


13. by word of mouth 口口相传
【原文出处】Those forms of verbal expression that are handed on from one generation or
locality to the next by word of mouth are said to constitute an oral tradition. 那些通过口口相传
从一代或一个地方传给下一代的语言表达形式被称为口头传统。
（R#341 Folklore）


14. in practice 在实践中
【原文出处】In practice it is companies that are well organized and efficient , or that are already
comfortably profitable, that have time to establish and police environmental policies. 在实践中，
只有那些组织良好，效率高，或者利润丰厚的公司才有时间制定和监督环境政策。
（R#295 The Environmental Policy）


15. in part 部分地；在某种程度上
【原文出处-1】Paris is very old-- there has been a settlement there for at least 6,000 years and its
shape has been determined in part by the River Seine, and in part by the edicts of France' s
rulers.巴黎非常古老--至少有 6000 年的历史，它的形状部分是由塞纳河决定的，部分是由法国统治者的
法令决定的。
（R#265 Paris）


【原文出处-2】The tragic paradox of massive suffering amid global plenty traces in part to
widespread poverty, which denies access to food even where it piles high in village market. 在全
球粮食充足的情况下，人们遭受了巨大的痛苦，这一悲剧性悖论的部分原因是普遍贫穷，即使在农村市场
上粮食成堆的地方，人们也无法获得粮食。
（R#256 Under-nutrition）


【原文出处-3】Thanks in part to the rise of uber-languages, most importantly English, the
remaining languages are now dying at the rate of about one a fortnight. 部分由于 Uber 语言（最
重要的是英语）的兴起，剩下的语言正在以每两周一种的速度消亡。
（RW#685 English Language）
16. in partnership with 与...合作
【原文出处】The Australian Renewable Energy Agency （ARENA） has awarded $2.49 million to
cover a portion of the cost of a collaborative project led by the Australian Maritime College at
the University of Tasmania, in partnership with The University of Queensland and CSIRO. 澳大利
亚可再生能源机构已拨款 249 万美元，用于支付塔斯马尼亚大学的澳大利亚海洋学院与昆士兰大学和
CSIRO 合作牵头的合作项目的部分费用。
（R#243 Tidal Energy）


17. in tribute to 向....致敬
【原文出处】In tribute to this important American, electric lights in the United States were
dimmed for one minute on October 21, 1931, a few days after his death. 为了向这位重要的美国人
致敬，在他去世几天后的 1931 年 10 月 21 日，美国的电灯调暗了一分钟。
（RW#546 Edison）


18. for the first time 第一次
【原文出处】An exhibit that brings together for the first time landscapes painted by French
impressionist Pierre-Auguste Renoir comes to the National Gallery of Canada this June. 今年 6
月，法国印象派画家皮埃尔-奥古斯特·雷诺阿（Pierre-AugusteRenoir）的风景画首次聚集在加拿大国家
美术馆展出。
（R#201 Canada Gallery）


19. for example 比如
【原文出处】 In Brazil and Hungary, for example, per capita income levels are quite comparable,
but the incidence of poverty in Brazil is much higher. 例如，在巴西和匈牙利，人均收入水平相当，
但巴西的贫困发生率要高得多。
（R#6 Per Capita Income）


20. to an extent 在一定程度上
【原文出处】For example, the word processor and email have, to a great extent, replaced the
dedicated secretarial staff that briefly flourished with the rise of the typewriter. 例如，文字处理机
和电子邮件在很大程度上取代了因打字机的兴起而短暂繁荣的专职秘书。
（RW#51 Home Appliances）


21. at one time 曾经；一度
【原文出处】At one time all copies were made with manual scribes, carefully duplicating what
they read. 有一段时间，所有的副本都是手工抄写的，仔细地复制他们所读的内容。
（RW#51 Home Appliances）
22. on offer 出售中；可选择
【原文出处】With nearly 600 accredited MBA programmes on offer around the world, the choice
of where to study can be overwhelming. 全球有近 600 个经认证的 MBA 课程可供选择，对于学习地
点的选择可能会让人不知所措。
（RW#68 MBA Programmes）


23. under the belt 完成
【原文出处】In an attempt to lure new students, leading business schools — including Harvard,
Stanford, the University of Chicago and Wharton – have moved away from the unofficial
admissions prerequisite of four years’ work experience and instead have set their sights on
recent college graduates and so-called “early career professionals with only a couple years of
work under the belt”. 为了吸引新生，包括哈佛大学、斯坦福大学、芝加哥大学和沃顿商学院在内的
知名商学院已经放弃了四年工作经验这一非官方的入学先决条件，转而将目光投向了刚毕业的大学毕业生
和所谓的“仅有几年工作经验的早期职业人士”。
（RW#602 Business Schools）


24. up to 达到
【原文出处】So that the chicks can fledge in the late summer season, emperors breed during the
cold, dark winter, with temperatures as low at - 50°C and winds up to 200 km per hour. 为了使雏
鸟能在夏末羽化，皇帝们在寒冷，黑暗的冬天繁殖，温度低至零下 50 摄氏度，风速高达每小时 200 公
里。
（RW#644 Emperor Penguin）


25. at a/the rate of 以...的速度
【原文出处】Thanks in part to the rise of uber-languages, most importantly English, the
remaining languages are now dying at the rate of about one a fortnight. 部分由于 Uber 语言（最
重要的是英语）的兴起，剩下的语言正在以每两周一种的速度消亡。
（RW#685 English Language）


26. in consultation with 经和...磋商
【原文出处】The APS Division of Psychological Research, Education and Training, in consultation
with teacher and curriculum representatives from every State and Territory in Australia, has
developed a proposed framework for senior secondary school studies in psychological science.
澳大利亚心理学研究，教育和培训司与澳大利亚各州和地区的教师和课程代表协商，制定了高中心理科学
研究的拟议框架。
（RW#730 APS）
27. in the...context 在...的环境中
【原文出处】In the garden context, there is, however, little information as to what extent various
types of plants differ in their cooling potential and how certain planting combinations may
maximise cooling under a scenario of low rainfall and minimal water inputs. 然而，在园林环境
中，关于不同类型的植物在其冷却潜力方面的差异程度，以及在低降雨量和极少水输入的情况下，某些种
植组合如何最大限度地冷却的信息很少。
（R#408 Green Spaces）
七、固定搭配之动词短语

1. allow somebody to do 允许某人做某事
【原文出处】The seeds of trees such as the maple have a single-blade structure that allows them
to fly far away and drift safely to the ground. 枫树等树木的种子有一个单叶结构，可以让它们飞得很
远，安全地飘落到地上。
（R#202 Mini Helicopter）


2. strive to do 努力做某事
【原文出处-2】But most students, most of the time, should strive to be sensibly simple, to
develop a baseline style of short words, active verbs, and relatively simple sentences conveying
clear actions or identities. 但是在大多数情况下，大多数学生都应该努力做到简单明了，形成一种由短
单词，主动动词和相对简单的句子组成的基本风格，清楚地表达动作或身份。
（R#13 Plainness）


【原文出处-2】But most students, most of the time should strive to be sensibly simple to develop
a baseline style of short words, active verbs and relatively simple sentence conveying clear
actions or identities. 但是大多数学生，大多数时候都应该努力做到简单明了，形成一种基本的语体，包
括短单词，主动动词和相对简单的句子，表达清楚的动作或身份。
（RW#688 Writing Style）


3. tend to do 往往会，常常就，倾向于
【原文出处-1】If you receive a large dose, or if you ingest radioactive heavy metals, it is certainly
toxic, and we tend to associate it with cancer, a great fear in modern society. 如果你接受大量辐
射，或者摄入放射性地重金属，它肯定是有毒的，我们倾向于把它与癌症联系在一起，这是现代社会的一
大恐惧。
[R#274 Radioactivity (B)]


【原文出处-2】It tends to reflect the state of the stock market as a whole. 它往往反映整个股票市
场的状况。
（R#8 DJIA）


4. advise doing something 建议做某事
【原文出处】It's faster, it makes arguments easier to follow, it increases the chances a busy reader
will bother to pay attention, and it lets you focus more attention on your moments of rhetorical
flourish, which I do not advise abandoning altogether. 它更快，让论点更容易理解，它增加了忙碌
的读者费心集中注意力的机会，它让你把更多的注意力放在你华丽的修辞时刻，我不建议完全放弃。
（R#13 Plainness）
5. start doing something 开始做某事
【原文出处】You start wondering how you're going to cope with it all. 你开始怀疑你将如何应对这
一切。
（R#108 Exams Looming）


6. spend time doing something 花费时间做某事
【原文出处】Even if you think you can write more, don't spend 15 minutes answering a part
worth only 5 marks. 即使你认为你可以写得更多，也不要花 15 分钟回答只值 5 分的。
（R#9 Answering Questions）


7. reveal something to somebody 向某人透露某事
【原文出处】I certainly find myself thinking this way in day-to-day life; it's easy to be seduced by
the face nature reveals directly to our senses. 我当然发现自己在日常生活中也是这样想的；很容易被
大自然直接展现给我们感官的表面所诱骗。
[R#70 Reality (Camus' text)]


8. cause somebody to do something 使某人做某事
【原文出处】Artificial lighting on beaches is strongly attractive to hatchlings and can cause them
to move away from the sea and interfere with their ability to orient in a constant direction. 海滩
上的人工照明对幼体有很强的吸引力，会使它们远离海洋，干扰它们朝固定方向定向的能力。
（R#87 Light Pollution）


9. begin to do something 开始做某事
【原文出处-1】The good news is that more and more businesses and governments are
beginning to understand that without a healthy environment the global economy and
everything that depends on it will be seriously endangered. 好消息是，越来越多的企业和政府开始
认识到：如果没有一个健康的环境，全球经济和一切依赖于它的事物将受到严重威胁。
（R#106 Environmentalists）


【原文出处-2】Advances in neuroscience have begun to bridge the gap between biochemistry
and behavior, but there is still a great deal that needs to be explained. 神经科学的进步已经开始弥
补生物化学和行为之间的鸿沟，但仍有许多问题需要解释。
（R#186 Psychoanalytic and Behaviorist）


10. help somebody （to） do something 帮助某人做某事
【原文出处-1】The extra income helps to pay for necessities, to maintain a social life and to buy
clothes, and holding a part-time job helps students to gain skills for life after university or
college. 额外的收入有助于支付生活必需品，维持社交生活和购买衣服，兼职工作能帮助学生在大学或学
院毕业后获得谋生技能。
（R#107 Part-time Jobs）


help do something 帮助做某事
【原文出处-2】An institute in London can help reserve DNA and be used to match with the
samples taken from the crime scenes. 伦敦的一个研究所可以帮助保存 DNA，并用于与从犯罪现场采
集的样本进行比对。
（R#248 Fingerprint）


【原文出处-3】According to Parncutt, who is based at the University of Graz in Austria,
'motherese' arose as a way to strengthen this maternal bond and to help ensure an infant's
survival. 据奥地利格拉茨大学的 Parncutt 说，“母亲”的出现是为了加强母爱纽带，帮助确保婴儿的生
存。
（R#88 The Origins of Music）


11. require doing something 需要做某事
【原文出处】Measuring poverty on a global scale requires establishing a uniform poverty level
across extremely divergent economies, which can result in only rough comparisons. 要在全球范围
衡量贫困，就需要在极为不同的经济体中确定统一的贫困标准，这只能导致粗略的比较。
（RW#549 Poverty）


12. keep something doing something/adj. 使某物保持某种状态
【原文出处】It was in this favourable state some two billion years ago but now our planet has to
work hard, against ever increasing heat from the Sun, to keep itself habitable. 大约 20 亿年前，
地球处于这种有利的状态，但现在，我们的星球必须要努力抵御来自太阳的日益增加的热量，以保持其可
居住性。
（R#110 Science Warn Global Warming）


13. make somebody adj. 使某人变得怎样
【原文出处】Having a highly educated workforce can also lead to increased productivity and
innovation and make Australia more competitive in the global market. 拥有一支受过高等教育的
劳动力队伍也可以提高生产率和创新能力，并使澳大利亚在全球市场上更具竞争力。
（R#113 Higher Education Qualifications）


make somebody do something 使某人做某事
【原文出处】While not all children will become programmers, Mark Martin, a computing teacher
at Sydenham High School, London, argues that they should learn to understand what makes
computers work and try to solve problems as a computer might. 虽然并不是所有的孩子都能成为
程序员，但伦敦锡登汉姆高中的计算机教师马克·马丁认为，他们应该学会理解是什么使计算机工作，并像
计算机一样努力解决问题。
（RW#111 Computational Thinking）


14. fail to do something 未能做成某事
【原文出处】Rudman's final observation-that ancient Greece enjoyed unrivaled progress in the
subject while failing to teach it at school-leads to a radical punchline: Mathematics could be
better learnt after we leave school. 鲁德曼的最后一个观察是，古希腊在数学方面取得了无与伦比的进
步，而学校却没有教授数学。这引出了一个激进的笑点：我们离开学校后，数学可以学得更好。
（R#395 Rudman）


15. prefer to do something 更喜欢做某事
【原文出处】The new systematic nomenclature was so cumbersome that many chemists
preferred to revert to the older trivial names that were at least shorter. 新的系统命名法是如此的
繁琐，以致于许多化学家宁愿回到过去的琐碎的名称，至少是简短的。
（R#321 Nomenclature）


16. communicate something to somebody 向...传达...
【原文出处-1】The two objects were named with made-up words which were communicated to
the infants by a recorded voice -- one with two identical syllables, for example neenee, and the
other without repeated syllables, such as bolay. 这两个物体的名字是用编造的单词来命名的，这些单
词是通过录音的声音传达给婴儿的--一个有两个相同的音节，例如 neenee，另一个没有重复的音节，例
如 bolay。
（R#280 Repetitive Syllables）


communicate with somebody 与某人交流
【原文出处-2】They are well-known as intelligent creatures and seem to communicate with one
another in sophisticated ways. 它们是众所周知的聪明生物，似乎以复杂的方式相互交流。
（R#52 Dolphins）


17. keep doing something 继续做某事
【原文出处】You need a revision timetable so you don't keep putting it off. 你需要一个复习时间
表，这样你就不会一直拖延了。
（R#261 Revision）


18. see ... doing/do something 看到...做某事
【原文出处】By 1933, depositors saw $140 billion disappear through bank failures. 到 1933 年，
存款人看到 1400 亿美元因银行倒闭而消失。
（R#212 Economic Depression）


19. compare something with something 把...和...作比较
【原文出处】If we cannot, we will be unable to compare their genes with those of others. 如果我
们做不到这一点，我们就无法将他们的基因与其他人的基因进行比较。
（R#186 Psychoanalytic and Behaviorist）


19. prepare somebody for something 使某人准备好做某事
【原文出处】Preschool is aimed at children around four years of age to prepare them for
compulsory schooling from the age of six years.学龄前儿童针对的是四岁左右的孩子，使他们从六岁
开始接受义务教育。
（R#120 Disadvantage in Early Childhood）


prepare for something 准备某事
【原文出处】Sit down at your desk and make a start on writing down all the things you have to
do to prepare for the exams. 坐在你的办公桌前，开始写下你为准备考试而必须做的所有事情。
（RW#142 Exams Looming）


20. encourage somebody to do something 鼓励某人做某事
【原文出处】Today, government encourages them to delay their retirement. 如今，政府鼓励他们
延迟退休。
（R#94 Retirement）


21. choose to do something 选择做某事
【原文出处】To satisfy their needs and wants, consumers sometimes choose to substitute
spending on a particular product or service with spending on an alternative product or service in
response to a relative price movement of the items. 为了满足他们的需求，消费者有时会根据物品的
相对价格变动，选择用另一种产品或服务的开支来代替某一特定产品或服务的开支。
（RW#51 Home Appliances）


22. replace something with/by something 用...来代替...
【原文出处】We freed ourselves of one kind of work; we just replaced it with another. 我们从一
种工作中解脱出来；我们刚换了一个。
（RW#51 Home Appliances）


23. seem to do something 似乎；好像
【原文出处】Although it is thought that music played a role throughout the history of Egypt,
those that study the Egyptian writings have discovered that music seemed to become more
important in what is called the ‘pharaonic’ period of their history. 虽然人们认为音乐在埃及的
整个历史中都扮演了一个角色，但那些研究埃及著作的人发现，音乐似乎在他们历史上所谓的“法老”时
期变得更加重要。
（RW#98 Music in ancient Egypt）
八、固定搭配之名词短语

1. lump sum 一次付清的大笔钱款
【原文出处】Lavish celebrations and large lump sums seem to have gone by the wayside in
favour of smaller, more thoughtful gifts. 奢华的庆祝活动和一大笔钱似乎已经被更小、更加有心的礼
物所取代。
（R#23 Graduation Gifts）


2. mental health 精神健康
【原文出处】Additionally, there are others who belong to organisations which have been set up
to provide help to specific groups, such as the elderly, the disabled, and those with serious
physical or mental health problems. 此外，还有一些人属于这样的组织：专门为老年人，残疾人，有
严重身体或精神健康问题等特定群体提供帮助。
（R#386 Helping Others）


3. film set 电影场景
【原文出处】Formal commissioned portraits are shown alongside behind the scenes
photographs taken on films sets and unguarded portraits of sitters captured at home. 正式委托
拍摄的肖像画和幕后拍摄的照片以及在家中拍摄的无人看管的保姆肖像画一起展出。
（R#385 Sandra Lousada）


4. outpatient clinics 门诊
【原文出处】The Please Write to Me initiative is aimed basically at doctors working in outpatient
clinics, although it is the best practice for all clinicians who need to write clinical letters and they
are being asked to write directly to patients, rather than sending them a copy of a letter penned
to their GP. 虽然在门诊中，这是所有需要写信的临床医生的最佳做法，但是他们应该直接写给病人看
的，而不是一封写给全科医生的信件副本。
（R#379 Medical Jargon）


5. stress response 应激反应
【原文出处】We activate a stress response when thinking about mortality. 当我们想到死亡时，我
们会激活一种应激反应。
（R#358 Intellectual Challenge）


6. a veil of extraneous prejudice 无关偏见影响对人判断
【原文出处】The difficulty is that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and you cannot behold a
politician's face without a veil of extraneous prejudice getting in the way. 困难的是，各花入各
眼，你看到的政治家的样子总是藏在在“无关偏见”这层面纱下。
（R#237 Good Looks）


7. high profile 引人瞩目的，引人关注的
【原文出处】Microsoft has had one of the highest profile cases of bullying market dominance of
recent times - and Gates has been able to achieve the financial status where he can choose to
give lots of money away by being ruthless in business. 微软的案例是近年来最引人注目的恃强凌弱
市场主导地位的案例之一；而盖茨能够获得这样的财务地位，他可以选择通过在商业上变得冷酷无情而放
弃大量的金钱。
（R#156 Most Respected Companies）


8. immune system 免疫系统
【原文出处】Getting enough sleep is important to your health because it boosts your immune
system, which makes your body better able to fight disease. 充足的睡眠对你的健康很重要，因为它
能增强你的免疫系统，使你的身体更好地抵御疾病。
（R#137 The Amount of Sleep, RW#69 Amount of Sleep）


9. speech/music/art therapist 语言/音乐/艺术治疗师
  complementary health therapists 辅助保健治疗师
【原文出处】However, the proportion of the population who visited complementary health
therapists was highest between the ages 25 and 64 years. 然而，在 25 至 64 岁之间的人群，在就
诊于辅助保健治疗师的人口比例最高。
（R#128 Health Professionals）


10. orders of magnitude 数量级
【原文出处】Nevertheless , we understand quite well the radiation levels to which people can be
exposed without harm, and those levels are orders of magnitude above the typical background
levels. 然而，我们非常了解人们可以不受伤害地受到的辐射水平，这些水平比典型的本底水平高出数量
级。
（R#123 Radioactivity）


11. physical wellbeing/well-being 身体健康
【原文出处】The scheme optimizes the use of existing educational facilities and has been
successful in promoting both lifelong and initial learning for older people, encouraging
participation and helping to maintain physical and mental wellbeing. 该计划优化了现有教育设施
的使用，并成功地促进了老年人的终身学习和初始学习，鼓励参与并帮助保持身心健康。
（RW#149 Elder Academy）


12. dietary habit 饮食习惯
【原文出处】The rules were criticized for restricting legitimate animal trade and interfering with
dietary habits. 这些规定因限制合法的动物贸易和干扰饮食习惯而受到批评。
（RW#127 Good Sense）


13. contaminating material 沾染物
【原文出处】Fingermarks are often made of sweat and colorless contaminating materials such
as soap, moisturizer and grease. 指印通常是由汗液和无色的沾染物如肥皂、润肤霜和油脂造成的。
（R#403 Fingerprints）


14. sleeping pattern 睡觉模式
【原文出处】As you get older, your sleeping patterns change. 随着年龄的增长，你的睡眠模式也会
发生变化。
（RW#69 Amount of Sleep）


15. response rate 回复率，回应率，回收率
【原文出处】Another issue, which requires some deliberation, is how to ensure a high response
rate. 另一个需要考虑的问题是如何确保高回应率。
（R#45）


16. coral formation 珊瑚丛，珊瑚群
【原文出处】Most of these marine ecosystems are near the water surface, such as the Great
Barrier Reef, a 2,000-km long coral formation off the northeastern coast of Australia. 这些海洋生
态系统大多位于水面附近，如澳大利亚东北部海岸外 2000 公里长的珊瑚礁大堡礁。
（RW#552 Ocean Floor）


17. cause and effect relationship 因果关系
【原文出处】 Researchers found there is a substantial cause and effect relationship between
exposure and perpetration of violence. 研究人员发现，接触暴力和实施暴力之间存在着实质性的因果
关系。
（R#149 Gun Violence）
九、固定搭配之动宾搭配

1. make a mistake 犯错
【原文出处】Very intelligent people often make the mistake of assuming that other people's
minds work in the same way as theirs do. 非常聪明的人常常会犯这样的错误：以为别人的思维方式和
他们的是一样的。
（R#36）


2. reach an end 期满；告终
【原文出处】If new ideas are to have a wide-ranging effect, they had better occur at the right
time - usually when old theories are worn out or have reached a dead end. 如果新思想要产生广
泛的影响，它们最好是在正确的时间出现——通常是在旧理论陈旧不堪或已走到死胡同的时候。
（R#41 Ideas）


3. take place 发生；举行
【原文出处】It is the final rounds that take place every four years, but the competition as a
whole is an ongoing event , since the qualifying rounds take place over the preceding three
years. 决赛每四年举行一次，但整个比赛是一个持续的项目，因为预选赛是在前三年举行的。
（R#40 World Cup）


4. play truant 逃学
【原文出处】And, fewer children played truant this spring term compared with the spring term
last year. 今年春季学期逃学的孩子比去年春季学期少。
（R#119 Children Skip School）


5. pay for the effects 付出代价
【原文出处】Since some people don't contribute and many are irresponsible, the choices of
those who do contribute and are responsible are either to tolerate the free riders, refuse to pay
for the effects of their irresponsibility or trust the state to educate them. 由于有些人不贡献，许多
人不负责任，那些贡献和负责任的人的选择要么是容忍搭便车的人，要么是拒绝为他们不负责任的后果买
单，要么是信任国家对他们进行教育。
（R#208 Welfare Morality）


6. make sense 说得通；讲的明白
【原文出处】An abstract must be fully self-contained and make sense by itself, without further
reference to outside sources or to the actual paper. 摘要必须完全自成体系，本身就说得通，不需要
进一步参考外部资料或实际论文。
（RW#156 Abstract）
7. play for fun 娱乐
【原文出处】You might want to participate in sports competitions volunteer with a local sports
class or simply play for fun with our social sport program. 您可能想参加体育比赛，在当地的体育课
程中做志愿者，或者只是在我们的社会体育项目中找乐子。
（RW#91 Trinity Sport and Fitness）


8. strike a balance 取得平衡
【原文出处】The 2005 World Summit also acknowledged, in this regard, that all countries must
recognize the need for developing countries to strike a balance between their national policy
priorities and their international commitments. 2005 年世界首脑会议还承认，在这方面，各国必须认
识到发展中国家需要在其国家重点政策与国际承诺之间取得平衡。
（RW#58 National Responsibility）


9. have ... in common 有共同点
【原文出处】While these types of buildings may look very different from each other, they all
have one thing in common. 虽然这些类型的建筑物可能看起来很不同，但它们都有一个共同点。
（RW#52 Big Buildings）


10. take decisions 做决定
【原文出处】All organizations, whether in the private sector or the public sector, take decisions
which have financial implications. 决定还将涉及活动，包括是否开展和如何开展这些活动。
（RW#48 Decision Making）


11. play a role 发挥作用
【原文出处】Although it is thought that music played a role throughout the history of Egypt,
those that study the Egyptian writings have discovered that music seemed to become more
important in what is called the ‘pharaonic’ period of their history. 虽然人们认为音乐在埃及的
整个历史中都扮演了一个角色，但那些研究埃及著作的人发现，音乐似乎在他们历史上所谓的“法老”时
期变得更加重要。
（RW#98 Music in ancient Egypt）


12. play a part in 发挥作用
【原文出处-1】Mathematics and Statistics play a part in almost all daily activities. 数学和统计学在
几乎所有的日常活动中都发挥了作用。
（R#259 Mathematics and Statistics）


【原文出处-2】Differences in personality may also play a part. 个性上的差异也可能起到一定作用。
（R#133 Life changes）


13. risk somebody’s life/lives 某人冒着风险
【原文出处】Any foreigners venturing there risked their lives, proved in 1995 when five young
Europeans were kidnapped and murdered. 在那里冒险的任何外国人都冒着生命危险，1995 年 5 名
年轻的欧洲人被绑架和谋杀就证明了这一点。
（RW#187 Kashmiri）


14. set the tone 定下基调
【原文出处】With the job interview, it’s how you’re dressed that sets the tone of the
interview. 面试时，你的穿着决定了面试的基调。
（RW#562 Job Hunting）


15. reap the benefits 获利
【原文出处】Is it scandalous that really valuable copyrights end up in the ownership of
corporations （although Agatha Christie's no-doubt worthy great-grandchildren are still reaping
the benefits of West End success for her whodunnits and members of the Garrick Club enjoy the
continuing fruits of A.A. Milne's Christopher Robin books）? 真正有价值的版权最终归公司所有，这
是不是很可耻呢？（尽管毋庸置疑，阿加莎·克里斯蒂的曾孙们仍在凭借她的侦探小说在伦敦西区大获成
功，而加里克俱乐部的成员们却还在享受着米尔恩的克里斯托弗·罗宾系列小说的续篇）
                                      ，
（RW#567 Peter Garrett）


16. acquire a taste 对...感兴趣
【原文出处】Those who prefer watching television to reading the book are less likely to study law
successfully, unless they rapidly acquire a taste for text-based materials. 那些喜欢看电视而不喜欢
读这本书的人，除非他们很快就对文本材料有了兴趣，否则他们不太可能成功地学习法律。
（RW#582 Hard Work）


17. have an influence 有影响
【原文出处】 Interest initially coincided with enthusiasm for alternative lifestyles, while
immigration and increased contact and trade with China have also had an influence. 最初兴趣与
和对另类生活方式的热情相结合，同时移民以及与中国和贸易接触的增加也产生了影响。
（RW#587 Complementary Therapies）


18. draw a line 划分界限
【原文出处】Professionals in the gem and jewelry trade can disagree on where the lines should
be drawn. 在宝石和珠宝贸易的专业人士可以不同意的界限应该画在哪里。
（RW#667 Emerald）
19. raise money 筹钱
【原文出处】A producer is just like an entrepreneur, and we raise money to make films. 制片人就
像企业家一样，我们筹集资金来拍电影。
（RW#683 Film）


20. take pride of place 占有引人瞩目的地位
【原文出处】There were two main camps on this issue - those who thought the history of Britain
should take pride of place, and those who favored what was referred to as “world history”. 在
这个问题上有两大阵营--那些认为英国历史应该占据主导地位的阵营和那些赞成所谓“世界历史”的阵
营。
（RW#708 History Books）


21. take an/one instance 举个例子
【原文出处】To take but one instance, it would be absurd to restrict analysis of obesity, to
individual greed. 仅举一个例子，把对肥胖的分析局限于个人的贪婪是荒谬的。
（RW#734 Guilt and Responsibility）
十、其他

1. less than 小于；少于；不到
【原文出处】It's not just that if you buy a laptop today it's obsolete within less than a year and
the rest of the world has moved on; it's more that, as workers get more expensive and
equipment gets cheaper, companies are spending more on machines rather than people. 这不仅
仅是说，如果你今天买了一台笔记本电脑，它在不到一年的时间里就过时了，而是世界其他地方已经开始
改变；更重要的是，随着人工费越来越贵，设备变得越来越便宜，公司在机器上的支出比在人身上的支出
更多。
（R#37 Technological Change）


2. rather than 而不是
【原文出处】Thus a country might possess a sizeable rural population, but have an economic
system in which the interests of the voters were predominantly related to their incomes, rather
than their occupations or location; and in such a country the political system would be unlikely
to include an important agrarian party. 因此，一个国家可能拥有相当多的农村人口，但其经济制度
中，选民的利益主要与其收入有关，而不是和职业或所在地有关；在这样一个国家里面，政治系统中不太
可能有一个重要的农业党派。
（R#130 Agrarian Parties, RW#56 Agrarian Parties）


3. better than 比...好
【原文出处】Obviously, some places are better than others. 很明显，有些地方比其他地方好。
（R#91 Study space）


4. because of 因为；由于
【原文出处-1】Because of the barrier of ice to the east, the Pacific Ocean to the west, and
populated areas to the north, there may have been a greater impetus for people to move in a
southerly direction. 由于东面有冰层的阻隔，西面有太平洋，北面有人口聚居的地区，可能有更大的动
力促使人们向南移动。（R#297 Coastal Hypothesis）


【原文出处-2】In 1999, the nation suffered its first budget deficit in 16 years because of a slump
in the international diamond market. 1999 年，由于国际钻石市场暴跌，该国 16 年来首次出现预算赤
字。
（R#1 Botswana）


5. what’s more 再者，此外
【原文出处】What's more, if moths need to navigate, they must be from a migrating species. 更
有甚者，如果飞蛾需要导航，它们一定是迁徙物种。
（R#263 Moth）


6. too...to... 太...以至于...
【原文出处】Global warming can seem too remote to worry about, or too uncertain-something
projected by the same computer techniques that often can't get next week's weather right. 全球
变暖似乎遥不可及，或者太不确定——用同样的计算机技术预测出来的东西往往无法准确预测下周的天
气。
（R#59 Hotter Earth）


7. relative to 与...相关
【原文出处-1】The theory of plate tectonics states that the Earth’s outermost layer is
fragmented into a dozen or larger and small plates that are moving relative to one another. 板
块构造理论认为，地球的最外层被分割成十几个或更大或更小的板块，这些板块彼此相对运动。
（R#143 Plates）


【原文出处-2】One, obviously, is the size of an identifiable peasantry, or the size of the rural
relative to the urban population. 很明显第一个是可识别的农民规模，或者是农村相对于城市人口的规
模。
（R#130 Agrarian Parties）


8. if ever 如果有的话
【原文出处】So it can be only rarely, if ever, that two people hold precisely the same cultural
idea in their minds. 因此，两个人在头脑中有完全相同的文化观念的情况很少发生。
（RW#88 Modify Cultural Ideas, R#409 Cultural Ideas）


9. reign supreme 至高无上的
【原文出处】In certain disciplines, it reigns supreme. 在某些学科中，它是至高无上的。
（RW#153 Study of Objects）


10. crack open 用力敲破
【原文出处】The spines crack the egg open as it passes through the throat. 当蛋穿过喉咙时，脊
骨会将这些蛋挤破。
（RW#570 Egg-eating Snakes）


11. let alone 更别提
【原文出处】It' s hard to even find studies that show the active ingredients in cosmetics
penetrate the skin, let alone more comprehensive research on their effects. 甚至很难找到研究，
表明化妆品中的活性成分渗透到皮肤中，更不用说对它们的影响进行更全面的研究了。
（R#214 Wrinkle Cure）


12. not surprisingly 不足为奇地
【原文出处】Coral reefs support more marine life than any other ocean ecosystem and are, not
surprisingly, a favorite pursuit for many divers. 珊瑚礁比任何其他海洋生态系统都支持更多的海洋生
物，因此，珊瑚礁成为许多潜水员最喜爱的追求目标也就不足为奇了。
（R#246 Coral Reefs）


13. whether ... or... 是...还是
【原文出处】The question as to whether economic change is developing or underdeveloping
countries remains a vital issue, as the debate over sweatshops highlights. 正如有关血汗工厂的辩论
所凸显的那样，经济变革是在让国家发展，还是让国家陷入欠发展，这仍然是一个至关重要的问题。
（RW#172 Colonial Era）


14. but also 而且
【原文出处】'I've specifically been looking at the sense of smell that kiwi uses when foraging, but
also in their interactions with their environment and other kiwi,' she says. 她说：
                                                                               “我专门研究了奇
异鸟觅食时的嗅觉，以及它们与环境和其他奇异鸟的互动。”
（RW#77 Kiwi）


15. A No. times as many as B 太...以至于...
【原文出处】By 2025, government experts' say, America's skies will swarm with three times as
many as planes, and not just the kind of traffic flying today. 政府专家说，到 2025 年，美国空中的
飞机数量将是现在的三倍，就不仅仅是如今的交通状况了。
（R#74 Planes）


16. It is not until that 直到...
【原文出处】But it was not until recently that a researcher was able to measure just how many
novels were published in that decade, and she found that there had been a decline in novels by
Australian writers overall, but confirmed an increase in women's novels. 但直到最近，一位研究人
员才能够衡量出在那十年中出版了多少部小说，她发现澳大利亚作家的小说总体上有所下降，但证实女性
小说有所增加。
（R#86 Australian Women Novelist, RW#698 Australian Women Novelists）


17. further along something 更深远
【原文出处】It originally referred to the production of goods to meet customer demand exactly,
in time, quality and quantity, whether the 'customer' is the final purchaser of the product or
another process further along the production line. 它最初指的是为了在时间，质量和数量上准确地
满足客户的需求而生产的货物，不管“客户”是产品的最终购买者，还是生产线上更远的另一个过程。
（R#114 Just-in-time）


18. as + adj./adv. + as 和...一样
【原文出处-1】Some winds can move as fast as a racing car, over 100 miles per hour. 有些风的速
度可以和赛车一样快，时速超过 100 英里。
（R#269 Air Moving, RW#101 Wind Moving）


【原文出处-2】Roads of rails called Wagonways were being used in Germany as early as 1550. 早
在 1550 年，德国就开始使用被称为车桥的铁路。
（RW#94 Wagonways in Germany）


19. be of interest to 对...感到兴趣
【原文出处】It is very much of interest to the European Union as well. 欧洲联盟对此也非常感兴
趣。
（R#138 Civil Society and the Market）


20. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. 情人眼里出西施。
【原文出处】The difficulty is that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and you cannot behold a
politician’s face without a veil of extraneous prejudice getting in the way. 困难在各花入各眼，你
看一个政客的脸时，不可能没有一层外来的偏见遮挡。
（RW#74 Good Looks in Votes）


21. make it easy for 使做...很容易
【原文出处】Their small size makes it easy for them to dart about the trees, catching insects and
small animals such as lizards, frogs, and snails. 它们体型小，很容易在树上飞奔，捕捉昆虫和蜥蜴，
青蛙，蜗牛等小动物。
（RW#630 Hairstyles）


22. when it comes to 当说到...的时候
【原文出处】When it came to fund selection, she found there were significant differences based
on gender. 在基金选择方面，她发现基于性别的差异很大。
（RW#691 Investment Choice）


23. no longer 不再
【原文出处】Rents and property costs will be lowered as land for off-street parking is no longer
required or needed. 由于不再需要或不需要街道外泊车用地，租金和物业成本将会下降。
（RW#733 Transportation System）
