[RL]
模板:

1. #190 Leadership and Management
In organizations,there are profound differences between management and leadership. 
Although both of them are important for achieving goals, they focus on different ways of thinking and working. 
Leaders usually do not accept the current situation easily.
They may dislike the status quo and try to make some challenges to existing systems. 
They often question traditional methods, take risks, and attempt to change directions in order to create new opportunities and improvements. 
On the other hand, managers usually focus on maintaining stability and efficiency. 
They often stay in the status quo, follow established rules, and ensure that everything goes with the procedures.
Their main responsibility is to organize resources, control processes, and make sure that daily operations run smoothly. 
Therefore, leadership and management have different purposes. 
Management emphasizes order, consistency, and following existing systems, while leadership focuses on innovation, change, and challenging old ideas. 
In this sense,leadership disrupts management because leaders often need to break traditional patterns in order to create progress and transformation.

2. #429 Joseph Lister
Joseph Lister was a great surgeon in Britain who completely transformed the way surgeries are performed. In the 19th century, many patients died after
operations due to infections, but Lister changed this tragic reality. He became well known for his groundbreaking work in antiseptic surgery. Inspired by the
germ theory, Lister successfully introduced carbolic acid as a powerful disinfectant. He used this chemical to sterilize surgical instruments and to clean
wounds before and after operations. This innovative method led to a reduction in infections and significantly made surgery safer for patients all over the
world. Because of his great medical achievement, Joseph Lister is often honored as the father of modern surgery. His dedication and scientific approach
represent a major achievement in medicine, saving countless lives and laying the foundation for the sterile medical practices we rely on today.

3. #658 Education Technology
A video with a friendly speech rate about education technology.
Nowadays children are born to be able to use technologies, but teachers are unable because in the past no such technologies were offered to teachers.
Teachers should learn to apply technologies in teaching and change education.
Key words: education technology, scaffolding, have no understanding of how to use technology to teach, educators.

4. #587 Cosmic Civilization
The possibility of the existence of other cosmic civilizations has always been an important topic in space research. Scientists are interested in finding out
whether life exists on other planets beyond Earth and whether another civilization could develop somewhere in the universe. Every year, around 7 stars are
created in some areas of the universe, and there are many planets formed around these stars. However, most planets around them cannot support life
because their environments are usually either too hot or too cold. Researchers estimate that only about 20% of all planets may meet all necessary criteria
and have a chance to have life. Even if a planet has suitable conditions, the possibility of life developing into a complex civilization is still very small. The
change of appearance of life from simple organisms to advanced civilizations is extremely rare, which makes it hard to find another cosmic civilization.
Therefore, although the universe contains countless planets, discovering another intelligent civilization remains a great challenge.

5. #294 Library Introduction
There are many functional areas and services in the library.
You'll see the service desk after entering the library and you can have these services at the service desk.
There are computers with special software on each floor, by which you can gain access to the internet and check emails and library catalogues.
Follow the orange signs and you will find printers. Then, follow the instructions to use them.
Remember to bring student cards. You have to use printers with your card. You can charge your card at the front desk.
If necessary, you can ask the staff at the front desk to help you.

6. #161 Springtime
The Earth's temperature is rising. And as it does, springtime phenomena-like the first bloom of flowers-are getting earlier and earlier. But rising
temperatures aren't the only factor. Urban light pollution is also quickening the coming of spring. "So temperature and light are really contributing to a
double whammy of making everything earlier." Richard french-Constant, an entomologist at the University of Exeter. He and his colleagues compiled 13
years of data from citizen scientists in the U.K., who tracked the first bud burst of four common trees. Turns out, light pollution-from streetlights in cities,
and along roads-pushed bud burst a full week earlier. Way beyond what rising temperatures could achieve. This disruptive timing can ripple through the
ecosystem. "The caterpillars that feed on trees are trying to match the hatching of their eggs to the timing of bud burst. Because the caterpillars want to
feed on the juiciest and least chemically protected leaves. And it's not just the caterpillars, of course, that are important. But the knock-on effect is on
nesting birds, which are also trying to hatch their chicks at the same time that there's the maximum number of caterpillars." So earlier buds could ultimately
affect the survival of birds, and beyond. The findings are in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B. The world's becoming increasingly urbanized, and light
pollution is growing—which french-Constant says could trick trees into budding earlier and earlier. But smarter lighting-like LEDs that dial down certain
wavelengths—could help. "Perhaps the exciting thing is, if we understand more about how light affects this bud burst, we might be able to devise smarter
sort of street lighting that has less red components, and therefore less early bud burst." Thus keeping springtime an actual springtime phenomenon.

7. #188 Melatonin
解析：
*Key points:
1.The hormone I want to talk about is called melatonin.
2.It is the opposite of the cortisol.
3.It has a rhythm and peaks at night.
4.And we call it as the darkness hormone.
5.It's hormone that prepares you for the thing does at night.
6.In humans we sleep, but animals, they are awake.
原文：
I'm just going to take on where stuff left off. The hormone I want to now talk about it's called melatonin. The synthesis is in the Pineal Gland, which is very
small. It is the size of a pea in your brain. Descartes called it the 'seat of soul', and it is where melatonin is made. And it has a rhythm as well. And in the
sense, it is the opposite of the cortisol. It peaks at night. We call it as the darkness hormone. In every species that we studied, melatonin occurs at night. And
it's hormone that prepares you for the things, that your species, does at night. So, of course, in humans we sleep, but animals, like rodents, they are awake.
So, it's a hormone that is related to darkness behavior.

8. #123 Marshmallow Test
Let's take a look at this video of these little kids. They were offered the option of having one marshmallow immediately or two marshmallows 15 minutes
later and you've got some very cute video tape of this experiment. So let's take a look. What we found is a very simple and direct way of measuring a
competence that seems to make an important life difference. A researcher tells these preschoolers that she's going to leave the room. If they wait for her to
come back without eating the marshmallows, they'll get two marshmallows. Or, they can ring the bell and she'll come back right away but then they only
get one marshmallow. I would ring the bell. You won't ring the bell? Okay. Looking at children over time, Dr.Michelle has found that being able to wait
longer at four has some pretty powerful implications. And what are those powerful implications? Is that later in life they're more disciplined and have more
self-control? Is that pretty much it. Well, they are more likely to achieve their life goals. They have better relationships. They do better on their SAT. Is that
crazy all because they waited 15 minutes for two marshmallows? Well, I mean I think it is crazy. I probably would have eaten all three. Yeah, me too. But, um,
you know, actually, yes, the ability to be able to pursue your goals, in this case, was that two marshmallows versus one, and not going automatic and just
grab the marshmallow, is a very important skill. But I think a main point in mind in the making is that these skills can be caught, taught. If you're 14 or 40 or
four it's not ever too late, and any child can learn, any adult can teach them. And it's never too late.

9. #147 London Fog
Turner, not surprisingly, painted one of the earliest pictures of London's fog, in the 1835 painting the Thames above Waterloo Bridge. Turner is a trueborn
Londoner, is advertising his familiarity with London's air problem by putting smoke, an atmospheric pollution at its center. And as you can see, in here, the
bridge is the central element, which is a theme that's later taken up by Monet. And it's partly obscured by the steam and smoke which rises from both sides
of the river. Here, we see a shot-tower. I think you can just about to see, which was constructed in 1826. Do you know what shot-towers are? They produce
shot for guns, ammunition. And they were very smoky, one of the more smoky industries. But it's barely visible, as you can see, as are the various industries
on the Lambuth side of the river. There's, on this side, there's a steamship about to dock or preparing to leave. It's black smoke thrusting up to join the kind
of swirling arc of smoke there. William Rodner sees this painting as a potent essay on the energy and complexity of modern polluted organism. Smoke, I
think, here represents for a flourishing economy, which brings employment and food on tables but also the dirt and pollution associated with the fumes all
seems to be tainted by sulfurous yellow.

10. #237 Practice
Deliberate practice takes time and people also need to find and solve problems and mistakes during it. To be a high performing solo musician for the violin
you also have to spend several thousand hours in solitary practice. That is the basic requirement to become professional, namely the ten-thousand-hour
rule. When it comes to other things, for example, if geometry is your weakness in math, you should practice more in geometry. During practice you should
identify your weakness, focus on it, and carry out further deliberate practice to demonstrate how important deliberate practice is. Even for talents, they
generally need to spend ten years to achieve the high international level of recognition. So there is no need for average people to be ashamed of practicing.

11. #223 Soot Emission
解析：
*Key points:
1 .Soot is the little thing that can make big things happen.
2.Soot causes respiratory illnesses.
3.Soot causes twenty five percent of human-caused global warming.
4.But there's good news, reducing black carbon may be the fastest way to slow global warming.
5.Developed and developing countries should try their best on black carbon reduction.
原文：
Sometimes it's the little things that can make big things happen. Fleas and the plague, atoms and nuclear bombs. Diminutive leaders in world history. Soot
is one of these little things. Soot also known as black carbon is released when you burn dung, coal, diesel fuel and wood. From Los Angeles to Mumbai, soot
causes respiratory illnesses like lung cancer and asthma and contributes to one point six million premature deaths every year. Mostly among the poor. And
it gets worse. Atmospheric currents carry soot thousands of miles from where it is produced, to the Himalayas and the Arctic. Black carbon being black,
absorbs sunlight, so even a little soot on snow makes it melt faster. And when snow melts global sea levels rise, threatening our freshwater indigenous
communities and polar bears who hunt on the Arctic ice. Climate Change has been a big thing for a while and carbon dioxide has been its main cause.
Scientists estimate that soot causes twenty five percent of human-caused global warming. It's the second leading cause of Arctic warming after carbon
dioxide. Let's not underestimate the impact of this tiny particle. But there's good news, reducing black carbon may be the fastest way to slow global
warming. Buy time for the Arctic. Yes even more so than changing a light bulb. Since black carbon only stays in the atmosphere for a couple of weeks,
reducing it will produce results immediately. Of course, reducing soot alone won't solve global warming, but solving our soot problem now will help buy
time for the Arctic and allow us to deal with the bigger problem of carbon dioxide. We have the cleaner industries, cook stoves, and diesel now we have to
use them. In developed nations, we've significantly reduced our black carbon, but we still have much more to do. We need to tighten our standards at home
and invest in cleaner technologies in developing nations. In a world going on seven billion people, you might feel rather little yourself. But if you urge the
US government and the European Union to take the lead on black carbon reduction, you can make a big difference. Go to stopsoot.org and help stop these
little things from causing big trouble.

12. #272 Knee Cracking
解析：
*Key points:
1. The sound of a cracking knee isn't pleasant.
2.But there's real information in sound that can help people with rehab.
3. Strap tiny microphones to people's knees.
4. The sounds the device receive are more irregular, in an injured knee.
5. This allows doctors to track healing after surgery.
原文：
The sound of a cracking knee isn't particularly pleasant. But it gets worse when you listen up close. "It does for most people. But for me, it actually just
makes me excited." Omer Inan, an electrical engineer at Georgia Tech. "I actually feel like there's some real information in them that can be exploited for the
purposes of helping people with rehab." Inan's experience with cracking knees goes back to his days as an undergrad at Stanford, where he threw discus. "If
I had a really hard workout, then the next day, of course, I'd be sore, but I'd also sometimes feel this basically catching or popping or creaking every now
and then in my knee." A few years later, he found himself building tiny microphones at a high-end audio company. So when he got to Georgia Tech and
heard the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, DARPA, wanted better tech for knee injuries, he thought: why not strap tiny microphones to
people's knees, to eavesdrop as their legs bend? "What we think it is, is the cartilage and bone rubbing against each other, the surfaces inside the knee
rubbing against each other, during those movements." He and a team of physiologists and engineers built a prototype with stretchy athletic tape and a few
tiny mics and skin sensors. And preliminary tests on athletes suggest the squishy sounds the device picks up are more erratic, and more irregular, in an
injured knee than in a healthy one. Which Inan says might allow patients and doctors to track healing after surgery. Details appear in the IEEE Transactions
on Biomedical Engineering. "The primary application we're targeting at first is to give people a decision aid during rehabilitation, following an acute knee
injury, to help them understand when they can perform particular activities, and when they can move to different intensities of particular activities." A useful
thing to take a crack at.

13. #308 DNA
原文：
In biology, genes play an important role because they decide the protein produced inside the cells. In simple terms, genes contain the information needed
for cells to produce proteins, which are essential for the structure and function of living organisms. However, the process from genes to protein is not
simple. It is a complex process involving several stages, where genetic information is copied and transformed into proteins that perform different tasks in
the body. Proteins are considered the fundamental building blocks of all organisms. They help form body structures and support many biological activities.
Without proteins, living things would not be able to grow, repair themselves, or maintain normal functions. The genetic information is stored in DNA, which
is shown in the picture. DNA looks like a chain, with many connected parts carrying important instructions. These instructions are passed from genes to
proteins, creating the foundation of life and biological development.

14. #287 Children Obesity
原文：
The growing issue of childhood obesity is a serious health crisis that we can no longer ignore. There are twenty percent of children in the USA today have
the obesity problem.
As a result, heart diseases have become more and more common among children, the youngest of which is five years old. This is a stark departure from the
past. The diseases that used to occur to people above fifty or sixty are now happening to people as early as they are five or six years old. This situation
makes children suffer the heart attack and other health problems earlier and earlier, such as kidney impairment and stroke.
Those diseases that used to be uncommon have begun to be common. This normalization is dangerous because it can make us less urgent in our response.
When serious health issues become frequent, we risk accepting them as an inevitable part of modern life, rather than as a preventable crisis.
Therefore, the need for action is clear and immediate. We have to address the overweight problem.

15. #246 Earth v.s. Mars
EARTH AND MARS
Similarities
• Polar caps
• Atmospheres
• In water climate (Earth: Ocean; Mars: Ice)
Preparing for the Phoenix Mission
•Antarctica Trial Runs
• Trenches, samples and ice-soil boundary

Scientists often compare the conditions on the Earth and Mars to evaluate the habitability of Mars. There are some similarities between Earth and Mars.
Both planets have polar caps, atmospheres, and evidence of a water-related climate. The lecture also describes different forms of water on Earth and Mars.
On Earth, it exists as oceans, while on Mars, water is present in the form of ice. Despite these similarities, however, there are still lots of differences between
the two worlds. Even the most inhabitable areas on the earth are way different from those on Mars. In preparing for the Phoenix Mission, scientists have
conducted Antarctica trial runs. During these tests, researchers dug trenches, collected samples, and examined the ice-soil boundary. These Antarctic
experiments serve as practical simulations, helping scientists get ready for investigations on Mars.

16. #257 Ageing Population
原文：
As the world population grows, the problem of an ageing population has become more serious globally. This is not just a future concern—it is happening
right now. About nine percent of people are more than sixty-five years old in the world.
Let's take a closer look at specific examples: Ageing population percentage in the US is now 13% and is expected to be 23% by 2030. About 4% of the UK
population is over the age of 75. The situation is more severe in Japan and Italy. And Germany follows, whose percentage of people over sixty-five years old
is expected to be twenty-five percent by 2030. These figures reveal a clear trend: industrialized nations are experiencing the most rapid growth in older
populations.
The ageing problem is related to industrialization. Industrialized societies tend to have better healthcare, nutrition, and living standards, which allow people
to live longer. At the same time, as countries develop economically, birth rates often decline. This combination of people living longer and fewer babies
being born naturally leads to an older average age for the population.

17. #181 Animal Behavior
ANIMAL BEHAVIOR

PROXIMATE                                               ULTIMATE
(mechanisms)                                            (evolution)

ONTOGENY                CAUSATION       EVOLUTIONARY HISTORY    FUNCTION
(development)           (physiological                          (adaptive
                        causes of behavior)                    significance)
原文：
We can ask 2 fundamental questions about animal behavior they referred to as proximate and ultimate. Proximate questions are those concerned with the
mechanisms that bring about behavior. Ultimate questions are those concerned with the evolution of behavior. We can divide the proximate and ultimate
into 2 sub-questions. For proximate, how does behavior develop and secondly what causes the behavior. For ultimate, you can ask how did the behavior
evolve and secondly what is the adaptive of significance of the behavior. What's its purpose? Together these comprise what are called Tinbergen's 4
questions about animal behavior. Niko Tinbergen was one of the founding fathers of the study of the animal behaviors. These questions represent different
ways of studying animal behavior and understanding the difference between those 4 questions are fundamental to understanding behavior and indeed the
whole of biology. How do we study animal behavior? Well that depends on the type of question we're hoping to answer.

18. #154 London Taxi Drivers
But we can really thank the Great Exhibition of 1851 for giving us the world's premier taxi service, for it was going to this exhibition, and this fabulous
exhibition inventions from all around the four corners of the Empire that the visitors were appalled, dismayed and vexed by their journeys to this exhibition
because the cabbies of the day, and their horse-drawn carts were absolutely terrible, could not find their way to this exhibition. And, so, a great public
outcry, the London Authority sets up Public Carriage Office, which is an organization that still exists. And you can take a short walk to Penton Street up the
road. And this Public Carriage office took on the responsibility of licensing all major taxi drivers in London. All taxi drivers from 1851 onwards had to pass
what is now known as the London knowledge, was phenomenal knowledge of London. What is the London knowledge? It's the ability to remember the
25,000 streets, have it all interconnected and all the main arterial roads in and out of London. Cabbies need to know all this plus a thousand points of
specific interest cafes, bars, public offices. They need to know them all as part of their training.

19. #205 America’s Economic Size
size of economy
US = China + Japan + UK + Germany
Industrial output
US = China + Japan
One way to understand a country's economic strength is by looking at the size of economy. In terms of overall economic size, the United States produces
more than the total amount of several major economies, including China, Japan, the UK, and Germany. This comparison highlights the significant role the
United States plays in the global economy. Another important indicator is the industrial output. US output is approximately $2.8 trillion, making it one of the
largest manufacturing sectors in the world. Interestingly, this figure equals to the sum of China and Japan, showing the remarkable scale of American
industrial production. Although many countries continue to expand their economies, the United States remains one of the world's leading economic powers.

20. #299 Bird Migration
In Australia birds have to migrate from on one place to another every year due to climate change. The birds need to fly 5 kilometers. You may think it is
easy, but actually, it's not, because they have to find new food sources in a new habitat.

21. #260 Language Disorder
原文：
Language is a human essence that defines human characters.
Language disorder is children's disability to produce speech.
10% of children have language disability in the US.
People can not take it for granted, and should this problem seriously.
Children's language is different from that of adults, so it should be dealt with separately.
Not being able to generate sentences is a psychological issue because it involves children's psychology.
In adults, it is a logical issue.
To solve this problem, we need to ask questions about language itself first.
We should know what language is, how language is learned, and how children can speak different sentences by words.

22. #238 Wage, Consumption and Debt
原文：
Over the past five years, the wage growth is about five percent, which is very weak.
Meanwhile consumption has grown by about fifteen percent, which seems decent.
However, housing debt has increased by about forty percent, which is unusual, but can be understandable after the wage and consumption increase.
The increase in wages is far from sufficient to cover the increase in consumption.
The increase in consumption is not because of the increase in income, but because people are borrowing more money to buy homes.
Although people's wages increase, most of the money will go against paying household debt, because people spend a lot of money at home.

23. #261 Science and Scientist
原文：
Female: Which one are you going to write more in your book, science or scientists?
Male: I do want very much to write something about science, actually. So I prefer to scientists.
Female: All right. What's interesting in scientists then?
Male: Science is just like complex furniture, which is all about evidence. But scientists can tell stories, do researches and propose questions to find what is
true. They are like a focal point. They are always in interesting situations.
Female: Whether science or scientists your book mainly about, it seems to be rather hard for general readers to understand, doesn't it?
Male: I don't think so, really. In fact the book I write is a science fiction, which is related with science but is not strictly scientific. So you don't have to have a
PhD degree in physics or other disciplines to understand a science fiction. And loving science is very different from being a scientist, which means fiction
writing is not the same as writing scientific journals. When scientists fail, they will question the situation about why they have failed. But as a fiction writer,
don't have to. In my book, you can always see stories about 'happy family'.

24. #247 Linguistic Training
Linguistic Authorities vs Expertise
• Linguists "invisible training" as authorities
•Distinguishing authorities and expertise
• Communities hold the authority of the language
Dominance:
• Implications for language revival.

解析：
*Key points:
1. With our linguistic training, we get all this invisible training to be authorities.
2.But we have to recognize that the communities have to be the authority in their language.
3.Linguists don't have the authority over what to do with our knowledge that the community produces.
4. Languages are lost because of the dominance of one people over another.
5. The languages are still lost if the authority is still lost.

原文：
I think with our linguistic training we also get all this invisible training to be authorities, to be the people who know. It is part of that process that you come
out as a world authority on your chosen subject. But when we move into working with communities, we have to recognize that the communities have to be
the authority in their language.
Actually, a woman in the class I'm teaching at Sydney at the moment, a career woman, expressed this very nicely, although she was talking about something
else, she was distinguishing expertise from authority. And certainly linguists, because of our training we do, have expertise in certain very narrow areas of
language, but we don't have the authority over what to do with that knowledge or what to do with other knowledge that the community produces.
I guess for me the bottom line is languages are lost because of the dominance of one people over another. That's not rocket science, it's not hard to work
that out. But then what that means is if in working with language revival we continue to hold the authority, we actually haven't done anything towards
undoing how languages are lost in the first place, so in a sense the languages are still lost if the authority is still lost.

25. #235 Ship
解析：
*Key points:
1.Human civilization travels faster, further than any before.
2.Our future will depend on the wisdom of our actions over the next few years.
3. Humans have made their way so far by trial and error.
4. Error is a luxury we cannot afford.
5. The world has grown too small to forgive us any big mistakes.
原文：
Our civilization, which subsumes most of its predecessors, is a great ship steaming at speed into the future. It travels faster, further, and more laden than
any before. We may not be able to foresee every reef and hazard, but by reading her compass bearing and headway, by understanding her design, her
safety record, and the abilities of her crew, we can, I think, plot a wise course between the narrows and bergs looming ahead. And I believe we must do this
without delay, because there are too many shipwrecks behind us. The vessel we are now aboard is not merely the biggest of all time; it is also the only one
left. The future of everything we have accomplished since our intelligence evolved will depend on the wisdom of our actions over the next few years. Like all
creatures, humans have made their way in the world so far by trial and error; unlike other creatures, we have a presence so colossal that error is a luxury we
can no longer afford. The world has grown too small to forgive us any big mistakes.

26. #62 Infinite Monkey Theorem
原文：
This illustration often used is the one that the monkeys and the typewriters. Ok, we have a monkey sitting at a typewriter and the claim here is basically if
you leave chance in time long enough you will get life. Don't worry about it. Yes, it's strange. Yes, it's wonderful. But leave enough matter 600 million years
on earth and you will have life. So, the monkey sitting at the typewriter, the chances are eventually he produces the complete works of Shakespeare. So
what's the problem. But he doesn't manage to do it in 600 million years. So, what I decided to do is run the numbers. I, instead of saying typing the
complete work of Shakespeare, I just run the numbers for how long would it take a monkey, typing one key striker a second, to type 'to be or not to be that
is the question'. Right? On average how long is it gonna take my monkey friend one keystroke a second. I don't know how you think it would be. Maybe
you could have a guess. Would it be less or more than 600 million years, which is the period life on earth isn't supposed to have emerged within. And when
I run the numbers 'to be or not to be is the question' takes 12.6 trillion trillion trillion years to type just that phrase. And a DNA string, that complexity,
emerges by chance undirected within 600 million years. Again, it's mathematically possible but it's so incredibly unlikely that, it would have, that it tilts me in
favor of the Christian story in which God creating life, simply a question of saying let that be and there was.

27. #249 Cloud Formation
    CLOUD FORMATION
(1) What is the cloud?
Pollutant particle, precipitation
(2) How to form cloud?
- Ocean - XXX
- Sea - Sea salt
- Air pollution
(3) Impact
-Pollution
- High level of XXX
-Climate change causes drought
解析：
*Key words:
1. The formation of clouds
2. Sea salt is very effective.
3. Pollution comes from different sources.
4. The clouds are important for climate change.
5. They also play a role in regional weather.
6. Shifts affect weather patterns.

原文：
Absolutely. There's a lot of interest in what forms those clouds. Why are those clouds there, why do they stick around? At the center of every cloud drop is a
particle. You can't grow a cloud drop without having a particle there for the water to condense on. The key questions that people have not directly
addressed until very recently is what actually forms those clouds. And so the ones that you're looking at over the ocean, it turns out sea salt is a very
effective nucleator for forming clouds, so there's a really good chance that those are loaded with sea salt. But as you go inland you start to have pollution
come from all different kinds of sources, and so different sources form clouds more effectively than others. And we're trying to unravel which sources are
actually contributing to the clouds. The clouds are incredibly important players in climate change in that they reflect the light back to space, and so they re
keeping things much, much cooler than they would be if they weren't there. They also play a huge role in regional weather. So we're actually starting to see
shifts where having more pollution input into the clouds is affecting weather patterns, and in particular it's actually reducing the amount of precipitation, so
we're starting to see drought in areas with super high levels of air pollution.

28. #311 Bilingual Parents
原文：
Many parents communicate and educate their children with two languages, probably because they both know more than one language, or they come from
different countries.
Most of these parents think this can benefit their children's language learning.
But actually kids will get confused when their parents use different languages from each other to describe the same object.
If one parent sticks to one language, and the other one sticks to another language, their children will not be confused any more.

29. #233 Loggerhead Turtle
原文：
The loggerhead turtle is one of the world's largest turtle species, and a species that's nearly distinct in the United States. These remarkable creatures are
easy to recognize thanks to their large, robust heads and relatively short necks, traits that set them apart from other sea turtle species.
A key part of the loggerhead turtle's life cycle is migration, which they undertake specifically to lay their eggs. To learn more about this migration, scientists
conducted an important study back in September 1986. They attached a tracker to a loggerhead turtle's shell and used satellite technology to closely
monitor and locate its migration route—this was a groundbreaking way to map the turtle's movements in real time.
What did the study reveal? The turtle traveled to different locations at different times throughout its journey. It took just one month for the turtle to swim
south, and the entire migration-from South Florida all the way north-spanned three months in total. To visualize this path, a map of the U.S. East Coast
was created, and on it, both the turtle's exact migration route and the year of the study (1986) are clearly marked.
This research not only confirmed the loggerhead's impressive migration abilities but also provided valuable data that helps protect these unique turtles and
their habitats.

30. #163 Invention
原文：
All of my research, and, that I conducted was my 60 plus graduate students, was motivated by their need to learn, so that we can teach. Of course, um,
some inventions happened along the way but I've always considered the end, the result. And I always consider these inventions to be byproduct,
byproducts of the learning process. The end product for me was always better understanding or when one really succeeded in unifying theory that can help
us in teaching the subject. I've also looked at teaching as a vehicle to try new ideas, of new ways to doing things on an intelligent group of learners. That is
as the vehicle for the teaching research results. And in my experience, this kind of teaching is the most stimulating and motivating to students. I've also
uncovered many interesting research problems in the course of teaching assumption. It is this unity of research and teaching, their close connection, and
the benefits garnered by exercising and the interplay that to me characterizes the successful professor.

31. #248 Survey
NEW MEDIA: SURVEY
What's the most common way that you get access to information?
Internet: 62%
www.globalandmail.com

解析：
*Key points:
1.A survey shows 62% of the people chose internet to get information.
2. This survey is conducted on a website.
3. The people who did this survey must be frequent users of internet.
4. This sample is a biased sample.
5.We have to pay attention to how a survey is conducted.
原文：
Let's say if I'm asking which source do you often use to get information. Newspaper? Radio? And the survey shows 62% of the people chose internet. You
might be thinking I am going to say, how important the internet is, or how quickly it has changed the world for a few years. But what if I tell you this survey
is conducted on the website global and mail.com? Our answer will be different. Because the people who did this survey on a website must be frequent users
of internet. This sample is a biased sample. So we have to pay attention to how a survey is conducted.

32. #60 Trade-off Triangle
Trade-offs between
Conservation, Development and
Poverty
• Win-win solutions?
            Biodiversity
Economic growth         Poverty
原文：
Well, it's about whether you can achieve a win-win solution, whether you can achieve economic growth which brings wealth in order to cut poverty without
damaging the biodiversity. And the argument is that if you want to protect biodiversity, you have to focus on that as a goal; but if you do that, you have ...
you run the risk of hurting the poor and you also run the risk of inconveniencing and reducing the economic growth. We use the developed and
industrialized countries to see this argument, this axis argued about with, let us say, a government wishing to start drilling for oil in place X which is full of
wildlife, and wildlife conservation society is urging them not to on the grounds that it's a wilderness refuge. We use to that debate. What I'm saying is that
in the developing world there's a third axis and it's a complex one.

33. #72 Bomb Calorimeter
Bomb Calorimeter:
-Insulation
-Ignition Wire
-Thermometer
-Air Space
-Chamber For Food
-Water.
原文：
This is a bomb calorimeter; this is the actual piece of equipment that researchers used to calculate the energy content of either biodiesel or maybe even the
potato chips that you had for lunch today. When they calculate the amount of energy. They're going to calculate it in heat unites which would either be
joules or calories. I want you to look inside the bomb calorimeter inside here, you can see that there's a silver bucket water goes all in here and this is
actually the bomb is the smaller silver cylinder what you do is put your fuel sample in there then these two electrodes are connected to the bomb. These
provide the spark that will ignite your sample when your sample burns or combust that gives off energy. So how is the energy collected or how did a
scientist figure out how much energy is being given off. Well, it's a closed system, there's a lid here that goes on top of this calorimeter and what's in here in
the lid is a stirrer. The stir is going to stir the water. That's in this big pool here so that the heat given off from the sample is going to warm the water in a
uniform way. This is the temperature probe, this goes down in the water also and measures the change in temperature because as the sample is burned, it
will give off heat and the temperature the water will increase. So the lid goes on the sample is prepared. The last thing that you need to make a combustion
reaction happen is oxygen and at some point during the process, some oxygen is added by a tank. That's connected to the calorimeter here. So we are
going to burn a sample of the biodiesel that you've prepared and get some feedback on the energy content of it. You'll be able to use this to compare it to
petroleum-based fuels like octane.

34. #139 Night Sky Darkness
原文：
Our friends at the Highlands Museum and Discovery Center in Ashland, Kentucky, asked a very good question. Why is it dark in space?That question is not
as simple as it may sound. You might think that space appears dark at night because that is when our side of Earth faces away from the Sun as our planet
rotates on its axis every 24 hours. But what about all those other far away suns that appear as stars in the night sky? Our own Milky Way galaxy contains
over 200 billion stars, and the entire universe probably contains over 100 billion galaxies. You might suppose that that many stars would light up the night
like daytime!Until the 20th century, astronomers didn't think it was even possible to count all the stars in the universe. They thought the universe went on
forever. In other words, they thought the universe was infinite.Besides being very hard to imagine, the trouble with an infinite universe is that no matter
where you look in the night sky, you should see a star. Stars should overlap each other in the sky like tree trunks in the middle of a very thick forest. But, if
this were the case, the sky would be blazing with light. This problem greatly troubled these astronomers and became known as "Olbers' Paradox." A
paradox is a statement that seems to disagree with itself.To try to explain the paradox, some 19th century scientists thought that dust clouds between the
stars must be absorbing a lot of the starlight so it wouldn't shine through to us. But later scientists realized that the dust itself would absorb so much
energy from the starlight that eventually it would glow as hot and bright as the stars themselves. Astronomers now realize that the universe is not infinite. A
finite universe-that is, a universe of limited size-even one with trillions and trillions of stars, just wouldn't have enough stars to light up all of space.
Although the idea of a finite universe explains why Earth's sky is dark at night, other causes work to make it even darker.

35. #152 Music and Wellbeing
原文：
So what do we mean by well-being? Health, happiness, a sense of achievement and contentment, a state of mind and body where people can thrive.
Well-being is not something that is purely limited to people who are facing extraordinary challenges in their lifestyle, health or personal circumstances,
everybody here has a level of well-being. Music so often forms an intuitive part of our well-being management, music to pick us up, music to calm us down,
music to heal our sorrows. Our aim through research is to move from this level of intuitive application of music through to informed use in our communities
to take the next step in the understanding of the power of music in human life. Music already works for us on so many levels whether it's soothing and
teaching our infants bringing people and communities together adding spirit to our work and personal endeavors, but there is no reason to stop here.

36. #270 Housing Affordability
解析：
*Key points:
1.Australia's housing affordability shapes the housing career.
2.That's no longer the typical housing cycle for Australians.
3. Young people live at home and rent for much longer.
4. Young people are more likely to be saddled with a mortgage.
5.Affordable rent is also an elusive right around Australia.
6. We have very low rental vacancies, and we see high turnover.

原文：
The impact on young Australians who are interested in buying a home of their own has been very significant. Australia's housing affordability now shapes
the typical housing cycle or housing career as some people call it. Most Australians in the normal course of events are people who move through the
housing cycle in a way that matches the stages of life that they're at. So, they move out of the family home in their late eighteens or early 20s as they gain
their independence from their families, then they rent save for a home they can afford as either a group, or maybe a couple. And maybe they can upgrade it
when they have a family in their middle age, they are more than likely to have paid off their mortgage. And that means they have housing security in their
old age. That's no longer the typical housing cycle for Australians, young people generally live at home for much longer than they once did. They generally
rent for longer and they're more likely to be saddled with a mortgage not just into their middle age but more often than not into their retirement as well. In
fact, in 2006, 65,000 retiree households were still paying off the mortgage. Affordable rent is also an elusive right around Australia. We have very low rental
vacancies, we see high turnover as landlords want to maximize their profits in tight market, and we see less long-term or lifelong rental, as we see in othe
countries and other economies.

37. #242 Advanced Machine
原文：
The biotech engineering has undergone three phases.
In the first phase, people designed and made some simple machines, which aimed to help people understand ourselves.
And first group of people that realized we could learn from ourselves were engineers.
And then, based on the studies, people began to make complicated devices, in order to cure wounds, like the practice of suture, and to study physiology.
This is the second phase.
Later, since we went into the third phase, more complicated machines have been developed, like ECG (electrocardiography), able to have an insight of your
internal body without intruding it, which can show the human brain's functions. X-ray is a good example. In an X-ray picture, you can see the bright area is
the heart with some vessels around it, and the dark area is the lungs. These devices benefit humans greatly in solving health problems, such as diseases.

38. #58 Historic Library
原文：
Indeed, the library. We've all been to a historic library. We've all enjoyed the smell of a historic library. But what is it? And what does it mean? When we've
recently, when at UCL Center for Sustainable Heritage, we've recently been asked to assess the environment at another historical library at Saint Paul's
Cathedral, the Wren library, an incredible place. And it has a such an intensive smell of old books, and we were also asked for the first time really I was
actually taken aback by the brief, we were asked what you do please preserve the smell. It is so important to our audience. It is so important how people
perceive the library. So, that is, that was quite an important message in our research. And indeed the smell is an important way of how we communicate
with the environment. This piece of research was done by an advertising company because advertisers are so interested in how we, how we interact with
each other and the environment. And we see that the majority of people use sight obviously to interact with the environment, but on the second place, we
see the smell is also very, very important.

39. #259 Happiness and Social Relations
原文：
Happiness comes from frequency and quality of social relation.
The higher the frequency is, the more happiness relations with friends and family and others produce.
It is not sure why social relation is correlated with happiness.
But there's evidence that when people feel more satisfied with their social relations, they will feel happier, in turn, when people feel happier, they will get
more satisfied with social relations.
Happy people tend to be social more with friends and have more interaction between family.
Some people wonder if their social activities make them happier or their happy personalities drive them to be social more with their friends and families.

40. #52 Purpose of Museums
原文：
I've been asked to speak today about the purpose of museums and I think that's something we often take for granted, that we have museums and we need
museums. But with so much information available now online, people have access to whatever it is they want to know so I think we need to consider
carefully just what it is that we expect of our museums today. What makes them relevant in the information age.
Clearly, we've got to move beyond the early twentieth century concept of a warehouse full of old, remarkable, untouchable objects. This warehouse idea
does very little to inspire people. What museum professionals need to do - what they should be doing, is make their collections and programs work towards
the purpose of education. So whether that means having more hands-on exhibits, becoming involved with other community organisations, they should be
doing whatever it takes to think about their visitors, to engage people, to educate them. And in that way, they can be instruments of social change. If they
have knowledge and understanding of the people who visit, and the people they want to come and visit, they can take this as a starting point for providing
exhibitions and services that are relevant to people's lives.

41. #580 Facial Recognition
原文：
Last week we talked about how people recognize objects and really how well people recognize objects, given how difficult the problem is, given how
objects can be seen in all different sorts of illumination, in different positions, in different angles. And yet we are able to extract that information, we are
able to take the visual stuff out there, interpret it in a way that allows us to recognize all the different things that we can see in our environment. Today
we're gonna kind of carry on looking at that, but we gonna look at what's really a special class of objects. That's the human face. So we gonna look at how
we recognize human faces and how we do it quite as well as we do. We're really expert at recognizing faces. So again we can think about how do we take
that visual information and how do we transform it into a form which allows us to put a name to a face, and to do all the other clever things that we can do
with faces. So I'm gonna start off again by just pointing out that it's a hard problem. Face recognition is a hard problem, and it's a clever thing we do. If you
think about all the different types of faces you can recognize, and all the different types of information you can get from the face, you kind of start to
appreciate how well we can do face recognition.

42. #142 Edmund Wilson
解析：
*Key words:
1.Wilson
2.He became the focal point of mainstream American culture.
3.He wanted modern literature to be read by ordinary people.
4.He was a major player in the effort to establish innovative literature.
5.He was a very various man over a period of almost 50 years.
6.He was a reporter, a memoirist and a journal keeper.

原文：
Wilson came then from a different world and he became the focal point of a broad mainstream American culture that thought that modern literature and
wanted modern literature to be able to be read and appreciated by ordinary people. They were not modernists in an abstract sense and certainly some of
them like TS Eliot and Faulkner were too difficult for some of their writings to be read by ordinary people, but this was a world before the division between
the brows or between elite or whatever had established itself as part of our consciousness. Wilson was a major player in the successful effort of his
generation to establish at the heart of American life and innovative literature that would equal the great cultures of Europe. And he knew that the great
cultures of Europe were there he was not a product of a narrow American Studies kind of training at all. He joined a high artistic standard with an openness
to all experience and a belief that literature was as much a part of life for everyone as conversation. He thought that Proust and Joyce and Yeats and Eliot
could and should be read by ordinary Americans and helped that to happen. Wilson was a very various man over a period of almost 50 years. He was a
dedicated a literary journalist, an investigative reporter, a brilliant memoirist and a dedicated journal keeper.

43. #334 Chemical's Label
原文：
Product labels play an important role in protecting consumers, especially when the label is attached to a hazard chemical product. However, some products
are designed in a way that may confuse people instead of warning them about potential risks. For example, the front of a container may show the lovely
picture, giving the impression that the product is safe. Meanwhile, the warning information is only displayed at the back, which is very concerning because
many people may never notice it before using the product. Another problem is that the warning text is often printed in small front, making it difficult to
read. Studies have shown that about 60% of Americans cannot recognize words printed in fonts smaller than size 10. In addition, around 40% are illiterate,
so they may not be able to understand written warnings even if they see them. As a result, many consumers won't be aware of the hazardless associated
with these products. For this reason, warning labels should be placed where they are easy to notice and written in a clear, readable format so that everyone
can understand the potential dangers.

44. #64 Wind Turbine
原文：
Wind turbine is a device that will convert wind into mechanical movement, which we can use to power water pump or electricity generator. Now the power
that the turbine creates is obviously depended on the wind speed, it also depended obviously on the number of sails, the area of the sails and the angle of
the sails makes to the wind. So you can imagine if the turbine blades flat onto the wind, the wind's going to just bend it, if there is slight angle when the
wind hits it, it's going to turn the blades. We can use that for powering things. Now, we're going to have a go, making some of the very, very simple paper
windmills, a sort of things that you can make from the bits and pieces lying around home, and use that to drive very small generator to power electronic
devices.

45. Incentives for Salespeople
Salary Plan (fixed salary)
Commission Plan (pay in direct proportion to sales) 
Combination Plan (salary plus commission)
解析：
Sample Answer: The lecture gives information about salary, commission and combination plans.
Firstly, the speaker said that the salary plan is a type of structure that you pay your sales people fixed salary with no bonus and commission.
And then, the speaker explained that the commission plan is to pay your sales people in direct proportion to sales and nothing else.
Followed by that, in the lecture they mentioned the combination plan is a salary plus commission plan offers both motivation and stability to sales people.
Basically, according to the lecture, we know that the combination plan is the most common plan used today although it can be more complex to administer.
Finally, we can get from the lecture that there are three plans of motivation.
原文：
Straight salary sales compensation plans aren't very common, but they do have a place in some organizations. With this type of structure, you'd pay your
sales people a straight albeit competitive salary like all of your other employees, and nothing else. No bonuses, no commissions, and few, if any, sales
incentives.
This type of compensation plan is most often used when the industry you operate within prohibits direct sales, when sales people work as part of small
groups or teams and all contributions are equal, when your sales team is relatively small, or when your sales people are expected to spend much of their
time on other responsibilities other than selling.
However, these plans don't tend to offer motivation to sales people, as there are no incentives for them to work harder.
Salary plus commission sales compensation plans are possibly the most common plans used today. They're structured in a way that sales people receive a
lower base salary along with commission pay that makes up the majority of the total compensation.
Organizations use salary plus commission sales compensation plans when there are opportunities to support all sales people on this structure and when
there are proper metrics in place for tracking sales to ensure that the splits are fair and accurate.
This type of plan is often the better choice as opposed to straight salary because it offers motivation to increase productivity and to achieve goals. It also
offers more stability. Sales people will still get some types of pay even if they're in training, when sales are low during certain months, or if market
conditions get volatile. However, it can be more complex to administer.
Commission only sales compensation plans are exactly what they sound like you pay your sales people for the sales they bring in and nothing else. There is
no guarantee of income.
These types of plans are easier to administer than salary plus commission and provide better value for your money paid as they are based solely on sales
achieved. They also tend to attract fewer candidates, but do attract the most top-performing and hardest working sales professionals who know they can
make a good income because they know how to sell. On the other hand, though, they can create aggression within your sales team and low income security
, which can lead to a high turnover rate, and sales rep burnout from stress.

46. #250 Underwater Detectors
原文：
Science lets us know what is going on.
Underwater remote detector, which is called Antares, is a kind of camera installed underwater in cages for fish monitoring in the industry of marine
aquaculture.
It is an advanced system of remote technology, by which researchers can remotely monitor fish on their computers in their universities.
The camera can detect surrounding environments as well as fish. This helps people find out what they eat, what they don't eat, and how much they eat.
Thus people can stop feeding them if necessary in some situation to save time and labor.

47. #645 Silk Road
原文：
In today's lecture, I'm delighted to take you back in time to explore the historical impact of the Silk Road. This ancient network of trade routes not only
facilitated the exchange of goods but also acted as a bridge between civilizations, cultures, and ideas. The Silk Road, spanning from China to the
Mediterranean, was instrumental in the trade of precious goods like silk, spices, tea, and gold. However, its significance extends beyond commerce. It was a
conduit for cultural exchange, allowing for the movement of philosophies, religions, and even artistic styles across continents. This cross-cultural interaction
played a crucial role in the development of the societies it connected. For example, the Silk Road facilitated the spread of Buddhism from India to East Asia
and brought Chinese inventions like paper and gunpowder to the West. The legacy of the Silk Road is a testament to the power of connectivity and
exchange. It shows how the interaction of diverse cultures can lead to the enrichment and advancement of human societies. In conclusion, the Silk Road was
more than just a trade route; it was a symbol of cultural synthesis and collaboration that shaped the course of history, reminding us of the value of open
exchange and interconnectedness in our globalized world.

48. #672 Four Dimensions
原文：
In physics, people often describe the universe as existing in a four-dimension space. Unlike traditional three-dimensional space, which only includes location
, the fourth dimension adds another important factor: time. The three basic spatial dimensions are longitude, latitude, and altitude. Longitude and latitude
help us locate a position on the Earth, while altitude shows the height of an object. When time is added, these four elements allow scientists to describe
anything in space. With these four dimensions, we can identify the location of an object or event at any time. For example, if we want to describe an event,
we need to provide information about its position and moment of occurrence, including longitude, latitude, altitude, and date. The concept of the fourth
dimension helps researchers better understand movement, changes, and events in the universe. It provides a more complete way to describe not only
where something happens but also when it happens.

49. #661 Neurons
About neutrons with a picture of neutrons.
At the beginning, it is mentioned that neurons are like a gun.... trigger ... fire ...
There are two ways to intensify the stimulation: one is to fire a cannon, blasting a large area all at once; the other is to fire a gun more frequently-bang,
bang, bang...

50. #304 A Book of Learning
原文：
This is the second edition of a book about learning and education. The book is about how to do research. Compared with the first edition, this version
includes some updates and improvements to provide more useful information for readers. The second part of the book is specially designed for younger
children. It uses simpler explanations and more suitable examples to help children understand important ideas about learning. The new part adds additional
content that was not included in the previous edition. These changes make the book more complete and provide a better learning experience for different
age groups.

51. #254 Robot and Human
原文：
Why is it difficult to make a robot like a human being? Why cannot robots finish the work easily like human beings?
For some tasks, it is easy and simple for humans to complete, but it is very difficult to ask a robot to do what we want because humans and robots have
different recognition functions.
For example, considering the insights, it is hard for robots to recognize colors because they do not have sensory mechanisms.
Artificial intelligence scientists have to devise a sensor that is implanted to robots to enable them to recognize different colors.
The sensor has a camera on it to capture pixels, and then will translate the pixels into an image, which is not as easy as expected. This process is very
complex.
The translation of every pixel to accurate things could be difficult, especially color differentiation which needs complicated sensors to fulfil. So the
improvement of the sensor is necessary.
In conclusion, there is no comparison between humans and robots.

52. #526 Food Medicine
原文：
I was a Complan pharmacist, I do consults, and 1 got into this cuz I really saw that in my own kids, but my own patients, they were missing the food part.
They were missing that nutrition part. And as I corrected the nutrition in them, I'm like, oh my, this changed their whole life. You were taught in pharmacist
school "just give her drug, give her drug, give her drug". Drugs are just band aids. They don't cure us. If you don't have good nutrition, that foundation that
we were building our body on isn't there, and so that leads to all sorts of things, you know, depression, leaky gut, you know, your gum disease. People that
are constantly having headaches, when they are not growing properly. Our kids don't grow properly cause of nutrition. So, starts to get foundation. If you
have a good, good foundation with nutrition, eat it, what you grow or buy it locally, you gonna be way healthier. So crazy how your diet can affect pretty
much everything. It's hard to put into a sentence how cool and interesting I thought this whole experience was. I've always been a firm believer and what
you put in your body matters, and the food you put in your body matters. And we are allowing food industries to spray with pesticides, to transport it super
far, change its enzymes and nutritional benefits, so that when we are receiving the food, it's not even giving us the fuel that we need to survive in a healthy
way. The body is an incredible piece of equipment, machinery. You put good stuff in, it gets good stuff out. You put bad stuff in, in time, bad stuff will come
out. But you can correct it. It just take some, some effort on our part to do what's right. Who said that - Hippocrates - you are what you eat. Let food be
medicine, let medicine be food. He said a lot more elegantly but, yeah, I firmly believe that.

53. #187 Presentation Skill
A video with a mid-aged male professor named Luke giving his lecture in a moderate speed an a clear logic.
The lecture is about why people feel nervous when they give presentations.
If people feel nervous and speak quickly, audience would not understand what you said.
Another part is about how to overcome it.
Don't give too much information, just only mention 3 points in 15 minutes.
People should prepare their presentations well in advance.

54. #59 Freud
原文：
For better or worse, we live in a world profoundly affected by Sigmund Freud. If I had to ask you to name a famous psychologist, the answer of most of you
would be Freud. He was the most famous psychologist ever and he had a profound influence on the 20th and 21st century. Some biographical information:
he was born in the 1850s. He spent most of his life in Vienna, Austria, and, but he died in London and he escaped to London soon after retreating there at
the beginning of World War Two as the Nazis began to occupy where he lived. He was one of the most famous scholars ever but he was not known for any
single discovery. Instead, he was known for the development of an encompassing theory of mind, one that he developed over the span of many decades.
He was in his time extremely well known, a celebrity recognized on the street, and throughout his life. He was a man of extraordinary energy and
productivity, in part because he was a very serious cocaine addict, but also just in general. He was just a high-energy sort of person.

55. #244 European Economic Structure
解析：
*Key points:
1.After the recession era, Europe confronted a change in economy structures.
2.This research examined the extent and patterns of structural changes.
3.We looked at the impact of the crisis on structural shifts in European countries' economy.
4. We provide some policy conclusions related to the future role of the NMS.
5. There has been no EU-wide uniform pattern of structural change.
6. The formulation of industrial policy at the EU level is challenging.
原文：
After the recession era Europe confronted a change in economy structures in Europe. After industrial revolution around the 19th century, the machinery was
widely used in the manufacturing, so the production in factories increased. As a result, circulation of goods became faster, and this led to more
accumulation of social wealth. Because of this, the population of middle class expanded and this resulted in the additional accumulation of wealth. This
research that conducted by pioneering scientists examined the extent and patterns of structural changes that have occurred in European economies during
the recent crisis using some stylized facts on changing output and employment structures at a detailed sectoral level. Focusing mainly on the new EU
member states, we compare the performance of various European countries by looking at the differentiated impact of the recent crisis on structural shifts in
their economy. We start with stylized facts related to output and employment structures at broader sectorial (NACE-2) level and attempt to find out whether
there has been a structural convergence (or divergence) of the New EU Member States (NMS) compared to the more advanced 'old' EU countries (OMS)
during the crisis. Finally, we provide also some policy conclusions related to the future role of the NMS in the economy of an integrated Europe, especially
in view of post-crisis growth challenges. The financial crisis 2008-2011 adversely affected the manufacturing industry more than services--particularly in
terms of employment--and accelerated structural change in favor of the services sector. The latter tendency was more pronounced in the NMS though even
here country-specific differences were remarkable. The importance of industry in this group of countries remains strong. There has been no EU-wide
uniform pattern of structural change; the formulation of industrial policy at the EU level-- even reaching the 20% target of industry's share in GDP--is
challenging and hardly attainable.

56. #632 Human Brain
原文：
The human brain is a subject at the forefront of neuroscience. This remarkable organ, though small in size, is vastly complex and the source of our thoughts,
emotions, and memories. The brain's intricate structure, composed of billions of neurons, enables us to perform a range of functions, from basic survival
instincts to advanced cognitive processes. Recent advancements in brain imaging technologies, like MRI and PET scans, have allowed scientists to observe
the brain in action and understand how different regions are involved in various tasks. The study of the brain has significant implications for treating
neurological and psychological disorders. By understanding how the brain operates, we can develop better treatments for conditions like Alzheimer's,
depression, and epilepsy. Understanding the human brain is not just a scientific pursuit; it's a journey into the essence of what makes us human. As we
continue to explore this complex organ, we unlock mysteries of the mind that have intrigued humanity for centuries.

57. #326 Software
原文：
The history of software is of course very very new. And the whole IT industry is really only 67 years old which is extraordinary and to be so close to the birth
of a major new technology, a major new discipline is quite remarkable given where we got to in those 67 years. And the progression has been not so muc
a progression as a stampede because Moore's Law, the rapid expansion in the power of computing and the rapid fall of the cost of computing and storage
and communications has made it feasible for information technology to move into all sorts of areas of life that were never originally envisaged. What has
happened is that there has been as I said a stampede for people to pick the low-hanging fruit. And that is what's guided the development of software and
information technology over the past decades and continues to do so with a number of consequences that we will explore.

58. #282 Fatherhood
原文：
The role of a father is an important part of parenting and has a significant influence on children's development. Fatherhood is not only about providing
support and protection, but also about helping children build confidence and develop important qualities for their future lives. A father can create a sense
of security and help children feel safe when they explore the world around them. With this support, children become more willing to take risks, try new
experiences, and learn from challenges. These experiences allow them to develop confidence and gradually build their own abilities. In addition, a father's
guidance can help children develop independence and autonomy. Instead of controlling every decision, supportive fathers encourage children to think
independently and solve problems by themselves. This process helps children become more mature as they grow up. Ultimately, good fatherhood
contributes to raising responsible and compassionate citizens. Through emotional support, encouragement, and guidance, fathers play a key role in helping
children become confident individuals who can positively contribute to society.

59. #124 Early Robot
原文：
This is a kind of object that you're probably all familiar with when you had the term robot, but I'm gonna show you the very, very first robots. These were
the very first robots. They were characters in a play in the 1920s called Rossum's Universal Robots and they, the play was written by Czech writer called Karel
Capek. And basically, these robots, you know, people tend to think of robots as kind of cute cuddly toys or, you know, Hollywood depictions kind of devoid
of politics. But the first robots were actually created and imagined in a time of absolute political turmoil. You just had the First World War, you know, it
finished had a devastating impact across Europe and so people will kind and people are kind of reflecting on what does it mean to be human, what makes
us human, those kinds of question. And this kind of context is what inspired Capek to kind of write this play. And interestingly, these robots being human,
they are actually in the play assembled on a production line, a bit like the Ford manufacturing production line. So even though they are human, they are
assembled and these robots are designed to labor, and that is their primary purpose in society.

60. #38 Cognitive Revolution
原文：
I'm Steve Pinker and I'm Harvard college professor and Johnstone family professor, Harvard department of Psychology. The Cognitive Revolution which
took place at Harvard was the start after modern scientific study of the mind. Who study something like the mind you like to think that you're a scientist,
you face the immediate problem of what we do with these things called mental contents, thoughts, emotions, images, plans, rules, you can't see them, you
can't taste them, then you can't feel them. If you're a scientist you are supposed to be studying things that you can see measure and manipulate, how do
you even begin with a science of mind. Well, the answer is the dominated psychology in the middle part of the 20th century where it just to give up all talks
of mental contents. This is the school of behaviorism and came to take over American psychology until the early 1950s when a number of scholars with ties
to Harvard started to rethink that whole idea when we talk about how computers work you can't get around computing internal states to them. Computers
have memories, they have goal states, they execute plans and if you could do that, about a hunk of metal and you are not being unscientific why should be
on the scientific to say those things about a human being. The result was called Cognitive Science included both experimental psychology, people who
study other humans in the lab with linguistics, including the famous theories of linguist Noam Chomsky who was here at Harvard as a society fellow, a
computer science and artificial intelligence and later neuroscience.

61. #59 Freud
原文：
For better or worse, we live in a world profoundly affected by Sigmund Freud. If I had to ask you to name a famous psychologist, the answer of most of you
would be Freud. He was the most famous psychologist ever and he had a profound influence on the 20th and 21st century. Some biographical information
he was born in the 1850s. He spent most of his life in Vienna, Austria, and, but he died in London and he escaped to London soon after retreating there at
the beginning of World War Two as the Nazis began to occupy where he lived. He was one of the most famous scholars ever but he was not known for any
single discovery. Instead, he was known for the development of an encompassing theory of mind, one that he developed over the span of many decades.
He was in his time extremely well known, a celebrity recognized on the street, and throughout his life. He was a man of extraordinary energy and
productivity, in part because he was a very serious cocaine addict, but also just in general. He was just a high-energy sort of person.

62. #4 Air Pollution
原文：
In today's lecture I'm going to talk about changes in air pollution since the middle of the last century and what has created these changes.
So, um — by the 1950s, air pollution was very visible with frequent thick black fogs known as 'smogs' in many large cities around the world. The main
source of this pollution was from factories and it caused severe health problems. For example, a particularly severe smog in London in 1952 caused over
four thousand deaths. Obviously something had to be done and in 1956 a Clean Air Act was introduced in Britain. This addressed the pollution from
factories and the smogs soon disappeared.
However, as you know, these days air pollution is still a big issue. The main difference between now and the 1950s is that you can't see it - it's invisible.
Also, the main source of pollution now is from cars and lorries, and although these don't produce visible signs, this air pollution is still a significant risk to
health. And one of the key factors in the rise of this type of pollution is that we have all become much more vehicle-dependent. There are far more cars and
lorries, trains and planes than in the 1950s and this is now the main source of air pollution around the world.

63. #240 Dissociation of Personalities
原文：
Morton Prince was an American physician and psychologist, his book 'Dissociation of a Personality' was the best-seller at that time. It tells a story of Miss
Christine Beauchamp, who was suffering from MPD (Multiple Personality Disorder).
Miss Christine Beauchamp has several types of personalities, namely B1, B2 and B3. There was hidden memory in these three personalities, with
hallucination among them.
Miss Beauchamp was B2. B2 knows about B1, B3 knows both B1 & B2, but B1 knows nothing about B2 or B3.
The strongest personality accounts for most of the time and it will take over the others and become the main personality at the end.
This case and theory gives great help to crime investigation.

64. #305 Leadership
解析：
Key points:
Leadership
1 .Leaders can define goals and mobilize energies.
2.Authoritative leaders are visible, and the Invisible leadership is casual, low-key leadership.
3. Leadership that can make a significant difference to the individuals.
4. The first kind of leadership has generally been exhibited by men.
5. Top leaders have been quite visible in their exercise of power.
6.Now more women have taken up opportunities for authoritative leadership.
原文：
A leader can define or clarify goals by issuing a memo or an executive order, an edict or a fatwa or a tweet, by passing a law, barking a command, or
presenting an interesting idea in a meeting of colleagues. Leaders can mobilize people's energies in ways that range from subtle, quiet persuasion to the
coercive threat or the use of deadly force. Sometimes a charismatic leader such as Martin Luther King Jr. can define goals and mobilize energies through
rhetoric and the power of example. We can think of leadership as a spectrum, in terms of both visibility and the power the leader wields. On one end of the
spectrum, we have the most visible: authoritative leaders like the president of the United States or the prime minister of the United Kingdom, or a dictator
such as Hitler or Qaddafi. At the opposite end of the spectrum is casual, low-key leadership found in countless situations every day around the world,
leadership that can make a significant difference to the individuals whose lives are touched by it. Over the centuries, the first kind, the out-in-front,
authoritative leadership, has generally been exhibited by men. Some men in positions of great authority, including Nelson Mandela, have chosen a strategy
of 'leading from behind'; more often, however, top leaders have been quite visible in their exercise of power. Women (as well as some men) have provided
casual, low-key leadership behind the scenes. But this pattern has been changing, as more women have taken up opportunities for visible, authoritative
leadership.

65. #271 Animal Behavior (B)
解析：
*Key points:
1. We studying animal behavior because we want to know why animals do what they do.
2. To save animals, conservation biologists need to know what animals do.
3.Sometimes you can't predict the results of the research.
4.A biologist started being interested in how birds know what to sing.
5.His research led to a complete overhaul of the field of neurobiology.
原文：
Why should we bother studying animal behavior? Well, first and foremost, because we are interested in understanding why animals do what they do. There
are lots of other reasons for studying animal behavior. Conservation biologists need to know what animals do if they're going to save them. Are those
animals social or solitary? How much space do they need and how many mates do they have? Sometimes you can't predict the outcome of the research.
Fernando Nottebohm started out being interested in how birds know what to sing. Yet his research eventually led to a complete overhaul of the entire field
of neurobiology, a totally unanticipated yet utterly monumental effect. And this is the course textbook by John Alcock the fact that this is in its ninth edition
tells you how fast an afield animal behavior is. There are lots of new developments.

66. #65 Student Loan
原文：
I'm 43 years old, and I owe tens of thousands of dollars in student loans. Oh sure, I knew the loans were piling up as I went through school. But with one
loan coming from here, another from there, I had no idea of the rockslide that was building. Fifteen years later, I still experience moments of sheer horror
regarding my family's financial situation. My monthly student loan payment is more than triple my car payment. OK, so without my college degree, I would
not have been able to get my current job. For that I'm grateful but at what cost? My loans have been accruing at a rate of 10 percent, and now they have
burgeoned to, well, I'm an English major, you do the math. I don't think they'll ever get paid off. Were in debt way past our eyeballs, and there's no hope in
sight. I'm being kept in class a financial class of graduates whose only hope for attending college meant borrowing money from the government. Because
of our mounting credit card debt and monthly payments that far exceed our family's income, my kids will also join the class of citizens who can rely on their
parents for college support. Do I wish I'd chosen another educational route? You bet.

67. #180 Questionnaire Types
原文：
What live decided to provide is the steps that I take when analyzing my own questionnaires. However, before I begin, it would be useful to remind you of a
few terms we use when talking about questionnaires. Questions can be divided into three types. This is sometimes called level measurement. Firstly, we
have category type questions, which are also known as nominal questions. These are when participants select from a list of categories for their response,
such as male or female or they may include ethnic origin. Secondly, we have ordinal type questions. These are similar to category questions. But instead of
the categories being independent, there is some sort of order between them. If we ask people to indicate their age in categories. This is an ordinal type
question. Thirdly, we have continuous questions. These are any questions that can be answered by a number. It could be an open-ended question asking
participants to tell you how many times they attended lectures or how often they used a VLE. Or it could involve asking them to rate the importance of
intensity of some experience.
















































































































