[SST]要求50-70词
模板:
This lecture is mainly about <word/phrase>. 
In the first part of the lecture(First), the speaker [states/ emphasizes] that <sentence1>. 
In the second part of the lecture(After that), he also mentions that <sentence2>(, and <sentence3>). 
In the last part of the lecture(Finally/ Lastly), the speaker believes that <sentence4>(, and <sentence5>).
In conclusion, <sentence6>.

1.Einstein’s theory of universe 爱因斯坦的宇宙理论 #111026
The lecture is mainly about [Einstein's theory of the universe]. 
First, the speaker states that [for thousands of years], [people thought space was fixed]. 
After that, the speaker mentions that [Einstein changed] [the human view of the universe]. 
Finally, the speaker believes that [space itself is not static], 
but [in a state of continuous dynamic change/ is changing].(56/ 51 words)
讲座主要是关于爱因斯坦的宇宙理论。
首先，讲话者说，几千年来，人们认为空间是固定的。
在那之后，演讲者提到爱因斯坦改变了人类对宇宙的看法。
最后，说话者认为空间本身不是静止的，而是[处于不断动态变化的状态/变化的]。
The lecture is mainly about [Einstein's dynamic view of space].
First, the speaker states that [people used to believe] [the universe was fixed and unchangeable].
After that, he mentions that [this view was changed because of Einstein's work].
Finally, he believes that [space is not an absolutely fixed stage], 
but [is in a state of continuous dynamic change].(59 words)
讲座主要是关于爱因斯坦的空间动力学观点。
首先，说话者说人们过去相信宇宙是固定不变的。
在那之后，他提到这种观点因为爱因斯坦的工作而改变了。
最后，他认为空间不是一个绝对固定的阶段，而是处于不断动态变化的状态。
completely                              adv. 完全地，彻底地
absolutely                              adv. 绝对地，完全地；确实地，极其；
continuous dynamic change               持续动态变化
moved around on                         在……上移动：在某物表面上移动身体或物体。
for thousands of years                  数千年来
the human view of the universe          人类对宇宙的看法

2.Roman city planning 罗马城市规划(roman building) #111122
The lecture is mainly about [Roman city planning].
First, the speaker states that [early cities grew without planning] and [had narrow streets].
After that, he mentions that [Romans later built cities in an organized structure].
Finally, he believes that [the ideal Roman city] [was based on the design of a military camp].(57 words)
这个讲座主要是关于罗马城市规划的。
首先，说话者指出，早期城市的发展没有规划，街道狭窄。
在那之后，他提到罗马人后来建造了有组织结构的城市。
最后，他认为理想的罗马城市是基于军营的设计。
The lecture is mainly about [Roman city planning].
First, the speaker states that [Rome has narrow streets] because [the city grew without early planning].
After that, he mentions that [Romans later built new cities] [in an organized structure].
Finally, he believes that [the ideal city design] [was based on a military camp layout]. (54 words)
这次演讲主要是关于罗马城市规划的。
首先，说话者说罗马有狭窄的街道是因为城市的发展没有早期的规划。
在那之后，他提到罗马人后来建造了新的城市有组织的结构。
最后，他认为理想的城市设计基于军营布局。
relatively                  adv. 相当地，相对地
structured                  v. 计划，组织，安排
                            n. 结构，构造；结构体，（尤指）大型建筑物；
                            周密安排，精心组织；机构，组织，体系
narrow                      adj. 狭窄的，狭小的；
                            v. （人的眼睛）眯起来；使缩小，压缩；使变窄，变窄
                            n. 海峡；狭窄部分
over time                   随着时间的推移；久而久之
it just grew up over time   它只是随着时间的推移而成长
basically                   adv. 基本上，大体上；从根本上说，总的说来
military camp               军营
in a methodical way         有条不紊地

3.a luxury brand 奢侈品牌 #111184
The lecture is mainly about [luxury brands].
First, the speaker states that [it is hard to define what makes a real luxury brand].
After that, he mentions that [despite high prices], luxury products still sell in the millions.
Finally, he believes that the [definition of luxury is complicated] and [varies among different people]. (55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于奢侈品牌的。
首先，演讲者指出，很难定义什么是真正的奢侈品牌。
在那之后，他提到，尽管价格高昂，奢侈品仍能卖出数百万美元。
最后，他认为奢侈的定义是复杂的，因人而异。
The lecture is mainly about [luxury brands].
First, the speaker states that [luxury products are exclusive] because of [high prices and limited quantities].
After that, he mentions that [despite high prices], these brands [still sell in the millions].
Finally, he believes that [defining a luxury brand is complicated] and [varies for different people]. (54 words)
讲座主要是关于奢侈品牌的。
首先，说话者说[奢侈品是独家的]因为价格高，数量有限。
在那之后，他提到尽管价格很高，这些品牌仍然卖出数百万台。
最后，他认为定义一个奢侈品牌是很复杂的，因人而异。
distinguishing              adj. （常作定语）有区别的，起区分作用的，辨识性的
                            v. 区别，区分，辨别；表现突出
exclusive                   adj. 独有的，专用的；高档的，昂贵的；
                            不含……的；排外的；排斥的
small quantities of         极少量的
product available           产品有货
complicated                 adj. 复杂的，难处理的
                            v. 使复杂化，使难以理解；引起并发症
relatively                  adv. 相当地，相对地
varies for different people     因人而异
varies among different people   因人而异
limited quantities          限量

4.The definition of risk 定义的风险 #111043
The lecture is mainly about [the definition of risk].
First, the speaker mentions that [risk includes two main parts].
One is the consequence of a danger, and the other is the chance of it happening.
After that, he explains that [safety means being free from risk].
Finally, he states that [safety refers to] [the condition of protection from harm].(54 words)
这个讲座主要是关于风险的定义。
首先，说话者提到风险的字面定义有两个主要部分：危险的后果和它的可能性。
在那之后，他说安全意味着没有伤害或风险。
最后，他强调，实现绝对安全是罕见的，因此管理风险至关重要。
consequence                 n. 结果，后果；重要性，价值
the consequence of          ……的后果
particular danger           特定危险
hazard loss                 危害损失
hazard                      n. 危险，危害；（不可避免的）风险；
                            v. 冒失地提出，冒险猜测；使遭危险，使处于危险
probability                 n. 可能性，或然性；可能发生的事，可能真实的事
the condition of being safe 安全的状态
protection from harm        免受伤害的保护

5.Organizational study 组织研究 #111147
The lecture is mainly about [organization study].
First, the speaker states that [studying organizations draws on] [various social sciences and broad knowledge].
After that, he mentions that [traditional academic boundaries are not real].
Finally, he highlights that [this allows people to think about] and [understand the social world more freely].(55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于组织学习的。
首先，演讲者指出，研究组织需要各种社会科学和广泛的知识。
之后，他提到传统的学术界限是不真实的。
最后，他强调，这可以让人们更自由地思考和理解社会世界。
draw on                     v. 利用，借鉴，动用（经验、知识、资源、存款等）
broad awareness             广泛的认知
Other than that             除此之外
artificiality               n. 人为性，人工性；不自然，做作；人造物，不自然之物
subdivisions                n. 细分，再分，分割；分部，分支，分区；

6.Paper rejection 论文遭拒 #21450
The lecture is mainly about [paper rejection].
First, the speaker states that [rejection happens to all researchers].
After that, he mentions that [rejection can lead to better results] [because it may be good for one's career path], 
and researchers can [use this feedback to improve their papers].
Finally, he believes that [it is important to support young researchers] and [keep them engaged].(61 words)
讲座主要是关于论文退稿的。
首先，说话者说所有的研究人员都会被拒绝。
之后，他提到，拒稿可能会带来更好的结果，因为这可能对一个人的职业道路有好处，研究人员可以利用这种反馈来改进他们的论文。
最后，他认为重要的是要支持年轻的研究人员并让他们参与进来。
---
The lecture is mainly about [paper rejection in academia].
First, the speaker states that [paper rejection is common], [as publishing has become harder].
After that, he mentions that rejection [often leads to] [better research outcomes].
Finally, he emphasizes that [authors should use] [reviewer feedback] [to refine and improve their papers].(54 words)
这个讲座主要是关于学术界的论文退稿问题。
首先，演讲者说论文被拒是很常见的，因为出版变得越来越难。
之后，他提到拒绝通常会带来更好的研究成果。
最后，他强调作者应该利用审稿人的反馈来完善和改进他们的论文。
keep them engaged                           让他们保持参与
often leads to                              常常导致
better research outcomes                    更好的研究成果

7.the stability of mood 情绪的稳定性 #111185
The lecture is mainly about [the stability of mood].
First, the speaker states that [the stability of emotion] [can differ among different people].
Some people [usually have nervous moods], while others [have a smaller varying range].
After that, the speaker mentions that [the secret to happiness] is [control and mild restraint].
Finally, the speaker believes that [people should keep a balance between intense and mild emotions]. (61 words)
这个讲座主要是关于情绪稳定的。
首先，说话者指出，情绪的稳定性因人而异。
有些人通常有紧张的情绪，而另一些人的变化幅度较小。
之后，演讲者提到幸福的秘诀是控制和温和的克制。
最后，演讲者认为人们应该在强烈和温和的情绪之间保持平衡。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the balance of emotion].
First, the speaker states that [emotional stability differs among people], 
and someone [experience frequent nervous moods].
After that, he mentions that [the true secret of happiness] [lies in] [mild contentment].
Finally, he believes that [the ideal mood] [comes from] [finding a balance between moderate strain and satisfaction]. (55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于情绪平衡的。
首先，讲话者指出，情绪稳定性因人而异，有些人会经常出现紧张情绪。
之后，他提到幸福的真正秘密在于适度的满足。
最后，他认为理想的情绪来自于在适度紧张和满足之间找到平衡。
differ among different people           因人而异
have a smaller varying range            变化范围更小
mild restraint                          温和克制
experience frequent nervous moods       经历频繁的紧张情绪
lies in                                 v. （问题、原因、答案等抽象事物）在于，体现于，取决于；
mild contentment                        轻微的满足感

8.Automated vehicles 自动化汽车
The lecture is mainly about [automated vehicles].
First, the speaker states that [automated vehicles have six levels], 
and [drivers need to monitor the car in lower levels].
After that, he mentions that [in high automation], 
[the vehicle controls itself] [with minimal driver interaction].
Finally, he highlights that [several systems must work together] [continuously to ensure the vehicle operates safely]. (61 words)
这个讲座主要是关于自动驾驶汽车的。
首先，演讲者说自动驾驶汽车有六个级别，司机需要在较低的级别监控汽车。
之后，他提到，在高度自动化的情况下，车辆可以在最少的驾驶员交互下控制自己。
最后，他强调，几个系统必须持续协同工作，以确保车辆安全运行。
---
Automated driving #18758
The lecture is mainly about [automated driving].
First, the speaker states that [automated driving] (involves/ includes) [both Level 3 and Level 4 systems].
After that, he mentions that [Level 3 refers to the conditional automated driving mode].
Finally, the speaker believes that [Level 4 automation saves energy] and [operates more efficiently than] [Level 3 systems]. (53 words)
这个讲座主要是关于自动驾驶的。
首先，演讲者指出自动驾驶涉及3级和4级系统。
之后，他提到Level 3指的是有条件的自动驾驶模式。
最后，演讲者认为4级自动化比3级系统更节能，运行效率更高。
be responsible for                      对……负责，是造成……原因
with minimal driver interaction         最少的驾驶员交互
operates more efficiently than          运行比……更有效率

9.Market economy 市场经济 #111064
The lecture is mainly about [the market economy].
First, the speaker states that [democratic countries] have [successfully managed the market economy].
After that, he mentions that [governments took effective measures] [to repair environmental damage] [caused by industrialization].
Finally, he believes that [the market economy functions much better today than it did a hundred years ago]. (55 words)
讲座主要是关于市场经济的。
首先，演讲者说民主国家已经成功地管理了市场经济。
在那之后，他提到政府采取了有效措施来修复工业化造成的环境破坏。
最后，他相信今天的市场经济比一百年前运行得更好。
------
Marketing #18671
The lecture is mainly about [marketing]. 
First, the speaker states that [marketing is the process of moving goods and services from suppliers to customers]. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that [profit models] [can ensure a return on capital]. 
Finally, the speaker believes that [marketing is directly linked to] [sales growth]. (52 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了市场营销。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，市场营销是将商品和服务从供应商转移到客户的过程。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，盈利模式可以确保资本回报。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，市场营销与销售增长直接相关。
democratic countries                    民主国家
democracy/democracies                   n. 民主政体；民主国家；民主，民主精神

10.Management(Manager)经理应该自我提升
The lecture is mainly about managers.
First, the speaker states that [managers should learn more by reading books] and [going back to university to improve themselves].
After that, he mentions that [management knowledge and skills] [are more important than mere experience].
Finally, the speaker believes that [the best managers should] [not only understand their organization], 
[but also become professors of management]. (61 words)
这个讲座主要是关于经理的。
首先，演讲者指出管理者应该通过阅读书籍和回到大学学习来提高自己。
之后，他提到管理知识和技能比经验更重要。
最后，演讲者认为最好的管理者不仅要了解他们的组织，而且要成为管理学的教授。

11.The history of software 软件发展史(IT development)
The lecture is mainly about [the history of software].
First, the speaker states that [the software industry] [has grown very rapidly] [in a short history].
After that, he mentions that [expanding computing power and decreasing costs] [drove this rapid trend].
Finally, he highlights that [information technology] [has now expanded into every aspect of daily life]. (55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于软件的历史。
首先，演讲者指出，软件行业在很短的历史中发展得非常迅速。
在那之后，他提到了不断扩大的计算能力和不断降低的成本推动了这一快速趋势。
最后，他强调信息技术现在已经扩展到日常生活的方方面面。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the history of software].
First, the speaker states that [the history of software] [is relatively short] [because information technology is a new discipline].
After that, he mentions that [despite its short history], 
[the progression of IT has been remarkably rapid].
Finally, he highlights that [the rapid expansion of computing power] [has driven the development of software]. (60 words)
这个讲座主要是关于软件的历史。
首先，演讲者说软件的历史相对较短，因为信息技术是一门新学科。
在那之后，他提到，尽管IT的历史很短，但它的发展却非常迅速。
最后，他强调了计算能力的快速扩展推动了软件的发展。
discipline                                          n. 纪律，风纪；惩罚，处分；训导，管教；训练，锻炼；
                                                    （尤指大学的）科目，学科
                                                    v. 惩罚，处分；训练，管教
the progression of IT has been remarkably rapid     信息技术的发展非常迅速

12.social difficulties in children/ social skills 儿童的社交困难/ 社交技能 #23227
The lecture is mainly about [the importance of social skills].
First, the speaker states that [social skills help build positive interpersonal relationships] [and reduce conflict risks].
After that, he mentions that [empathy is essential] [because it allows individuals to respond in an understanding way].
Finally, the speaker believes that [this approach enhances students' self-regulation] and [critical thinking abilities]. (59 words)
这个讲座主要是关于社交技巧的重要性。
首先，演讲者指出，社交技能有助于建立积极的人际关系，减少冲突风险。
之后，他提到共情是必不可少的，因为它允许个人以理解的方式做出反应。
最后，演讲者认为这种方法可以提高学生的自我调节能力和批判性思维能力。
---
The lecture is mainly about [maintaining social skills].
First, the speaker states that [social skills are crucial for] [building and sustaining positive relationships with others].
After that, he mentions that [empathy allows people to respond] [in an understanding manner].
Finally, he emphasizes that [social skills effectively improve self-regulation] and [critical thinking skills].
这个讲座主要是关于保持社交技巧的。
首先，演讲者指出，社交技能对于建立和维持与他人的积极关系至关重要。
在那之后，他提到同理心可以让人们以一种理解的方式回应。
最后，他强调社交技能可以有效地提高自我调节能力和批判性思维能力。
empathy                             n. 共鸣，同情；感同身受，产生共鸣
manner                              n. 态度，举止；礼貌；方式；（文学或艺术的）风格；习俗；
self-regulation                     n. 自我调节，自动调节

13.The decline of bees/ Bees are in decline. 蜜蜂数量减少 #18755
The lecture is mainly about [the decline of bees].
First, the speaker states that [these declines are supported by strong scientific evidence].
After that, the speaker mentions that [the reasons for the decline] [vary across different places].
Finally, the speaker believes that [people are aware of the problem] [and are taking action to protect them]. (58 words)
这个讲座主要是关于蜜蜂数量的减少。
首先，演讲者指出，这些下降是有强有力的科学证据支持的。
在那之后，说话者提到下降的原因在不同的地方有所不同。
最后，演讲者认为人们意识到了这个问题，并正在采取行动保护他们。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the decline of bees and pollinators].
First, the speaker states that [these population declines are real] [and supported by scientific evidence].
After that, he mentions that [the causes vary by species], 
leading to huge negative effects.
Finally, he emphasizes that [environmental awareness] [is growing] [and people are taking action]. (55 words)
讲座主要是关于蜜蜂和传粉媒介的减少。
首先，演讲者声明这些人口下降是真实的，并且有科学证据支持。
之后，他提到，原因因物种而异，导致巨大的负面影响。
最后，他强调，环保意识正在增强，人们正在采取行动。
pollinator                          n. 传粉者，传粉媒介，传粉昆虫；（农业/园艺）授粉器，授花粉器
vary across different places        在不同的地方有所不同
the causes vary by species          原因因物种而异
leading to huge negative effects    导致巨大的负面影响
environmental awareness             环保意识，环境意识

14.An experiment about female body fat/ change of body fat/ obese women 女性体脂实验 #18717
The lecture is mainly about [an experiment on female body fat].
First, the speaker states that [thirty-one overweight women] [joined the research experiment].
After that, he mentions that [participants were required to exercise every day] [during the study].
Finally, the speaker believes that [the unexpected results occurred] [because some women ate more or exercised less than required].(62 words)
这个讲座主要是关于一个关于女性体脂的实验。
首先，讲话者指出，31名超重妇女参加了研究实验。
在那之后，他提到参与者被要求在研究期间每天锻炼。
最后，演讲者认为，出现意想不到的结果是因为一些女性吃得比要求的多或锻炼得少。
---
The lecture is mainly about [an experiment on body fat change].
First, the speaker states that [some volunteers lost fat] [during the experiment], 
while others did not lose weight.
After that, he explains that [those who failed to lose fat may have eaten more calories].
Finally, he emphasizes that [psychological reasons also played an important role].(55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于身体脂肪变化的实验。
首先，讲话者说，一些志愿者在实验中减掉了脂肪，而另一些志愿者没有减掉脂肪。
在那之后，他解释说，那些没有减掉脂肪的人可能摄入了更多的卡路里。
最后，他强调心理原因也发挥了重要作用。
An experiment found out that            一项实验证明了这一点

15.The separation of powers 三权分立 #18781
The lecture is mainly about [the separation of powers].
First, the speaker states that [dividing government power] [helps maintain balance and protect public freedom].
After that, he mentions that [three distinct branches] [make, execute, and interpret laws separately].
Finally, he highlights that [these constitutional rules] [prevent any single branch from becoming too powerful], 
[ensuring long-term government stability].(55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于三权分立的。
首先，演讲者指出，划分政府权力有助于保持平衡，保护公众自由。
之后，他提到三个不同的分支机构分别制定、执行和解释法律。
最后，他强调，这些宪法规则防止任何单一部门变得过于强大，从而确保政府的长期稳定。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the separation of powers].
First, the speaker emphasizes that [government power is divided into three main branches].
After that, he mentions that [these branches are responsible for making and enforcing laws].
Finally, he states that [the third role is to explain laws], 
and [all roles] [are defined in] [the Constitution]. (59 words)
这个讲座主要是关于三权分立的。
首先，演讲者强调政府权力分为三个主要部门。
之后，他提到这些分支机构负责制定和执行法律。
最后，他指出，第三个作用是解释法律，所有的作用都在宪法中规定。
three distinct branches                         三个不同的分支
make, execute, and interpret laws separately    分别制定、执行和解释法律
constitutional rules                            宪法规则
be responsible for                              对……负责，是造成……原因

16.Symmetry in mathematics数学中的对称性(stone balls) #22451
The lecture is mainly about [early symmetry stones].
First, the speaker states that [these stones show] [the earliest human interest in symmetry].
After that, he mentions that [researchers still do not know what these ancient stones were used for].
Finally, he believes that this [mysterious nature] is [the exact reason] [why people find them appealing]. (58 words)
讲座主要是关于早期的对称石。
首先，讲话者说，这些石头显示了人类最早对对称的兴趣。
在那之后，他提到，研究人员仍然不知道这些古老的石头是用来做什么的。
最后，他认为这种神秘的性质正是人们觉得它们有吸引力的确切原因。
---
The lecture is mainly about symmetry in mathematics.
First, the speaker states that old museum objects can have great mathematical value.
After that, he mentions that ancient stones found in Scotland demonstrate early human interest in symmetry.
Finally, he believes that while their purpose is unknown, these stones were likely appreciated for joy and mathematical beauty. (55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于数学中的对称性。
首先，讲话者指出，博物馆里的老物件可能有很大的数学价值。
之后，他提到在苏格兰发现的古代石头证明了早期人类对对称的兴趣。
最后，他认为，尽管它们的用途尚不清楚，但这些石头很可能是为了欢乐和数学之美而被欣赏的。
the exact reason                                确切的原因
why people find them appealing                  为什么人们觉得它们很吸引人

17.Vitamin D 维他命D #18683
The lecture is mainly about vitamin D.
First, the speaker states that vitamin D [is commonly called] [the sunshine vitamin].
After that, he mentions [that people have no dietary need for vitamin D] [with sufficient sunlight], 
[requiring food sources] [only when sunlight exposure is not enough].
Finally, the speaker highlights that [vitamin D is not a real vitamin]. (62 words)
这个讲座主要是关于维生素D的。
首先，演讲者指出，维生素D通常被称为阳光维生素。
在那之后，他提到，在充足的阳光下，人们不需要从饮食中摄取维生素D，只有在阳光照射不足的情况下才需要食物来源。
最后,发言人强调,维生素D不是一个真正的维生素。
---
The lecture is mainly about vitamin D.
First, the speaker states that vitamin D [is known as the sunshine vitamin], 
[meaning sun exposure satisfies human needs].
After that, he mentions that [vitamin D functions as a pro-hormone] [originating from tropical environments].
Finally, he explains that [as human populations migrated to colder regions], 
[getting vitamin D from food became necessary]. (55 words)
这个讲座主要是关于维生素D的。
首先，演讲者指出维生素D被称为阳光维生素，因为充足的阳光可以消除任何饮食需求。
之后，他提到维生素D实际上是一种促激素，是人类在热带气候下自然产生的。
最后，他强调，人类从阳光充足的地区迁移，产生了饮食中维生素D的必要性。
sufficient sunlight                             充足的阳光
sun exposure satisfies human needs              阳光照射满足了人类的需求
originating from tropical environments          源自热带环境

18.Newspaper industry 新闻业下滑 #18777
The lecture is mainly about [the newspaper industry].
First, the speaker states that [the newspaper industry in many American states is shrinking] [due to financial problems].
After that, he mentions that [traditional business models] [are constantly changing].
Finally, he highlights that [many newspapers are moving online], 
while other local newspapers [are completely disappearing]. (59 words)
这个讲座主要是关于报业的。
首先，演讲者指出，由于财政问题，美国许多州的报业正在萎缩。
之后，他提到传统的商业模式在不断变化。
最后，他强调，许多报纸正在转向网络，而其他地方报纸正在完全消失。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the newspaper industry].
First, the speaker states that [newspapers are shrinking rapidly] [because of changing economic models].
After that, he mentions that [loss of advertising revenues and buyers] [has caused severe financial losses].
Finally, he emphasizes that [staff numbers in the industry] [have decreased by more than thirty percent]. (55 words)
讲座主要是关于报业的。
首先，演讲者指出由于经济模式的变化报纸正在迅速萎缩。
之后，他提到广告收入和买家的损失造成了严重的经济损失。
最后，他强调，该行业的员工数量减少了30%以上。
be constantly changing                          不断变化
be completely disappearing                      完全消失

19.Dangers of keeping drugs at home/ Misuse of drugs 用药不当的危害/ 滥用药物 #18720
The lecture is mainly about the [dangers of keeping medicine at home].
First, the speaker states that young children [may accidentally ingest these stored drugs].
After that, he mentions that [medicines might be taken] [for incorrect reasons] or [used past their expiration dates].
Finally, the speaker highlights that [doctors should prescribe the exact amount of medicine] [needed for treatment]. (60 words)
这次演讲主要是关于把药放在家里的危险。
首先，讲话者指出，幼儿可能会意外摄入这些储存的药物。
在那之后，他提到药物可能因不正确的原因服用或使用超过有效期。
最后，演讲者强调医生应该开出治疗所需的确切剂量的药。
---
The lecture is mainly about [the risks of storing drugs at home].
First, the speaker states that [children might accidentally ingest these leftover medications].
After that, he mentions that people [often take expired drugs] [for the wrong reasons].
Finally, he highlights that [doctors must prescribe appropriate amounts of medicine] [to solve this problem]. (55 words)
讲座主要是关于在家里储存毒品的风险。
首先，说话者说孩子们可能会不小心摄入这些剩余的药物。
在那之后，他提到人们经常因为错误的原因服用过期的药物。
最后，他强调医生必须开适量的药来解决这个问题。
may accidentally ingest these stored drugs          可能会误食这些储存的药物
prescribe the exact amount of medicine              开出准确剂量的药
prescribe appropriate amounts of medicine           开适量的药

20.globalization and detraditionalization 全球化导致文化丧失 #18759
The lecture is mainly about globalization and detraditionalization. 
First, the speaker states that people now live in a global village. 
After that, he mentions that with instant communications, 
we can share ideas all over the world. 
Finally, the speaker highlights that young people are rejecting the culture they have grown up in, 
and detraditionalization can cause the loss of traditional cultures. (62 words)
这个讲座主要是关于全球化和去传统化的。
首先，讲话者指出，人们现在生活在一个地球村。
之后，他提到，通过即时通信，我们可以在世界各地分享想法。
最后，演讲者强调年轻人正在拒绝他们成长的文化，而去传统化会导致传统文化的丧失。
---
Globalization is the idea that we all live in a global village. 
With instant communications, we can share ideas and access cultural artifacts from countries all over the world. 
However, it also leads to the disappearance or erosion of traditional values. 
To be more specific, young people are rejecting the culture they have grown up in. 
全球化是指我们都生活在一个地球村。
有了即时通讯，我们可以分享思想，接触世界各国的文化文物。
然而，它也导致了传统价值观的消失或侵蚀。
更具体地说，年轻人正在拒绝他们成长的文化。

21.genetic impact/ Genes affect human behaviors 遗传的影响/ 基因影响人类行为
At first, people believed that genes have an impact only on people's physical structure. 
Then research has found that there is also a genetic responsibility for humans' psychological behavior. 
As a result, now we have a better understanding of the role of genetic influences on behavior. 
However, behavioral genetics is an ungovernable field where there is lots of controversy.

22.Water recycling 水的循环利用 #18787
We need to recycle water because we don't generate much new water. 
Generating water is not a process that happens a lot anymore. 
However, when we use water at home, there is very little recycling at a local level. 
This is because it’s not a closed loop in the home.
---
The water we use today has been around for a long long time. 
That is because water can recycle itself in the water cycle, which is also called the hydrologic cycle. 
Let's start the cycle with the evaporation of water from the surface of the ocean. 
As this moist air is lifted, it cools and water vapour condenses. 
It may form clouds. In fact, clouds are made up of tiny water droplets and ice crystals that are so small they can float in the air. 
This moisture in the atmosphere may be transported around the globe until it returns to the surface as precipitation. 
Precipitation may take the form of rain, snow, sleet or hail. 
Now once this water reaches the ground, one or two processes may occur. 
Some of the water may evaporate back into the atmosphere, or the water may penetrate the surface and become groundwater. 
The groundwater may take several different paths. 
The groundwater may seep in its way into the oceans river or streams, 
or it may go into an aquifer, which is a body of saturated walk rock through which water can easily move, 
or it may be released back into the atmosphere through transpiration. 
Transpiration occurs when leaves from trees and other vegetation give off water vapor through pores in their leaves. 
Some water on the Earth's surface is not absorbed by plants or become ground water, and it becomes surface runoff. 
This runoff may empty into lakes, rivers, and streams and then is carried back to the ocean where the cycle may begin.
---
The lecture is mainly about water recycling. 
First, the speaker states that water recycling is necessary. 
After that, the speaker mentions that there is technology available for industrial use, but there is little technology available for home use. 
Finally, the speaker believes that on the local level, water recycling at home is important. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了水循环利用问题。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，水循环利用是有需要的。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，工业领域已有相关技术可用，但家庭使用的技术却很少。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，地方层面，家庭水循环利用具有重要意义。

23.Negative bias(Negative emotions) 负面偏见 #21621
Negativity bias means humans usually pay more attention to negative emotions such as fears rather than positive emotions. 
We feel content and pleasant more frequently, but these positive emotions are lighter, which means they cannot be easily recalled or stay in our minds. 
However, negative emotions happen less frequently, but they are strong and intense. 
Negativity bias can help us evaluate the environment and survive when we face life-threatening issues.
---
The lecture is mainly about negative bias. 
First, the speaker states that we are more likely to sense negative emotions to help us survive. 
After that, the speaker mentions that the positive emotions we experience are more limited. 
Finally, the speaker believes that bad emotions are less frequent but more intense. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了负面偏见。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，我们更容易感知负面情绪，这有助于人类生存。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，我们体验到的积极情绪较少。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，负面情绪发生得较少，但强度更强。

24.Baby smile/ smile of mother/ babies just want to be smiled at #18742
婴儿的微笑/ 母亲的微笑/ 婴儿只是想被微笑
Babies' smiles are strategic. 
When babies smile, they want whoever they’re interacting with to smile back. 
They also time it, which is called sophisticated timing. 
In a study, researchers found out that mothers want the interaction, while babies just want to be smiled at. 
Thus, when it comes to smiles, babies seem to know exactly what they're up to.
---
The lecture is mainly about baby smiles. 
First, the speaker states that babies want the people they talk with to give them a smile in return. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that the researchers found four types of mother-infant relationships. 
Finally, the speaker believes that mothers want to talk, while babies just want to smile. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了婴儿的微笑。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，婴儿希望与之互动的人能给予他们微笑回应。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，研究人员发现了母婴关系的四种方式。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，母亲想要交流，而婴儿只是想要微笑。

25.Canned food during the great depression(canned food) #18793
大萧条时期的罐头食品（罐头食品）
The Great Depression was the beginning of modern food technology, when canned foods entered the market. 
Meanwhile, refrigerators were very popular in urban and rural areas. 
Moreover, the Rural Electrification Administration enabled farmers to purchase appliances, meaning frozen foods were experiencing rapid growth. 
As a result of these changes, people started to think about supermarkets with many freezer cases and canned foods. 
---
The lecture is mainly about canned foods during the Great Depression. 
First, the speaker states that canned foods became popular. 
After that, the speaker mentions that people could buy refrigerators. 
Finally, the speaker believes that supermarkets became fashionable. (55 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了大萧条时期的罐头食品。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，罐头食品开始流行起来。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，人们能够购买冰箱。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，超市成为了一种新的事物。

26.Credit card experiment(credit card) #18795
信用卡实验（信用卡）
In an experiment on customers’ behaviors, one group of inactive credit card users received a message offering benefits that they could gain by using the cards. 
The other group received a message implying a penalty if it is not used. 
The result shows that customers are more motivated by a potential loss when not using this card, rather than by the benefit they could gain by using the card.
---
The lecture is mainly about a credit card experiment. 
First, the speaker states that some inactive credit card users received a message, and they could gain benefits by using their cards. 
Second, the speaker mentions that other users would pay money or [face a fine] if they did not use their cards. 
Finally, the speaker believes that customers are more likely to be driven by potential losses. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了一项信用卡实验。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，部分闲置信用卡用户收到了一条信息，提示他们使用信用卡可获得奖励。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，其他用户若不使用信用卡将需要付出费用。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，客户更容易被损失所驱动。

27.Hook sentence(议论文开篇)
As a writer, you first need to collect many materials, then write an essay. 
You are also suggested to build an emotional connection with your reader right from the start. 
This can be achieved by a hook in the essay, which is a catchy sentence or paragraph. 
It serves as an attention element, and should be engaging and interesting. 
It often appears in the first sentence. 

28.Stock market and modern business #21115
股票市场与现代商业
The stock market is where investors connect to buy and sell investments, which anyone can access with an account. 
The term 'stock market' often refers to one of the major stock market indexes. 
However, there are some different uses of the stock market before and after. 
The stock market also tends to put money into big companies.
---
The lecture is mainly about the stock market and modern business. 
First, the speaker states that manufacturing companies entered the market. 
After that, the speaker mentions that big modern companies include Apple, Google, and Microsoft. 
Finally, the speaker believes that there are differences between them. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了股票市场与现代商业。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，制造工厂公司纷纷进入市场。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，大型现代企业包括苹果、谷歌和微软。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，它们之间存在一些差异。

29.Great ideas 好想法 #18789
To be successful, you should have great ideas. 
A great idea should have three features. 
First, it should be various and novel. 
Secondly, great ideas should be unique. 
Constant innovation effectively makes ideas unique. 
A unique idea often serves its purpose in a better way. 
Thirdly, a great idea should be transformative and protect. 
---
The lecture is mainly about great ideas. 
First, the speaker states that a great idea should be new. 
After that, the speaker mentions that a great idea should be unique. 
Finally, the speaker believes that a great idea should be productive. (57 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了伟大思想。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，伟大思想应当具有新颖性。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，伟大思想应当独具特色。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，伟大思想应当富有成效。

30.DNA pieces DNA片段(Synthetic biology & genetic engineering 合成生物学与基因工程) #18797
Life has evolved, and now we have the ability and the power to engineer and design it. 
Thus, synthetic biology is the next level of genetic engineering. 
Moreover, we are no longer limited to the pieces, and we can even create new organisms. 
For example, a cell that's programmed to make a useful compound is called a cellular factory. 
---
Applications in biology
The lecture is mainly about applications in biology. 
First, the speaker states that scientists can engineer nature. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that scientists could write DNA and create new cells 40 years ago. 
Finally, the speaker believes that scientists use microscale tools in experiments in the lab and can get bacteria the next day. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了生物学领域的应用。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，科学家能够改造自然。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，四十年前科学家已能制作 DNA 并创造新细胞。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，科学家在实验室的实验中使用微小工具，次日即可获得细菌。

31.Darwin and Bees/ Bee's genes and Darwin 达尔文和蜜蜂/ 蜜蜂基因与达尔文 #21655
This lecture discusses the genes of bees and their evolution. 
In order to protect the next generation in the hive, the worker bees attack intruders and then die. 
Worker bees sacrifice their lives to protect the next generation. 
Darwin realized that by improving the reproductivity of the queen bees, the genetic legacy of the entire colony is safeguarded.
---
The lecture is mainly about bee genes and Darwin's theory. 
First, the speaker states that worker bees will give their lives to help the queen pass her genes to the next generation. 
Second, the speaker mentions that the worker bees give up reproduction and help the queen reproduce, and they will die if needed. 
Finally, the speaker believes that these behaviors help explain Darwin's evolutionary theory. (65 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了蜜蜂基因与达尔文理论。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，工蜂会献出生命来帮助蜂后将基因传递给下一代。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，工蜂不生育并协助蜂后繁衍，必要时工蜂会为此献出生命。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，这些现象为理解达尔文的进化理论提供了启示。

32.globalization definitions/ definition of globalization 全球化的定义 #20394
Globalization has a few different definitions. 
The first one is a way to describe a country's increase in international communications. 
In other words, it is the source of growth in communication across borders. 
The other definition is to think of globalization as an economic system. 
This system is the way in which the economy in one country depends on another. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the definitions of globalization. 
First, the speaker states that globalization increases international communication. 
After that, the speaker mentions that countries become integrated into the system. 
Finally, the speaker believes that globalization creates new areas of economic growth. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了全球化的定义。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，全球化促进了国际交流。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，国家在这个体系中结合在一起。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，全球化展示了一个新的经济增长领域。

33.Fight-or-Flight Response/ fight or flight 迎战或逃跑反应 #18778
Emotions have a purpose, since our most basic emotions are vital messengers. 
They have evolved as signals to help us meet our basic needs. 
It is dangerous to be indecisive about a threat to our survival, so the brain runs information from our senses. 
This happens in areas which control instinctive responses, and communicate with our body to create powerful emotions and symptoms.
---
The lecture is mainly about the stress response and emotions. 
First, the speaker states that emotions have a purpose. 
After that, the speaker mentions that basic emotions are key messengers. 
Finally, the speaker believes that the brain uses information to control fast responses and create strong signals. (60 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了应激反应和情绪的关系。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，情绪是有目的的。、
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，基本的情绪是关键的信使。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，大脑使用信息来控制快速的反应，并产生强烈的信号。

34.Modern poetry/ literature in poem/ english language in poem 现代诗歌/ 诗歌语言/ 诗歌中的英语 #22983
This course is an introduction to the literature of modern poetry. 
Several poets will be studied in detail, and they also demand a certain amount of close reading. 
Meanwhile, some sense of the period in which they're writing will be given. 
Finally, the lecturer will give ways to possess and enjoy particular poems. 
In this way, students can learn from them and care about them.
---
The lecture is mainly about modern poetry. 
First, the speaker states that works by several poets were discussed. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that modernism is one of the most fruitful areas in English literature. 
Finally, the speaker believes that people can derive pleasure or have fun, experience confusion, and find help in poetry. (55 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了现代诗歌。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，讲座主要分析了多位诗人的作品。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，现代主义是英语文学中非常伟大的部分。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，人们可以尝试从诗歌中获得乐趣、感受困惑并汲取养分。

35.Online Research/ 线上调研 internet growth/ 网络增长 #18792
The rapid expansion of the Internet has revolutionized our lives. 
One significant change is in the realm of research. 
To be more specific, online research enables researchers to gather vast amounts of information quickly. 
However, it also has drawbacks, such as the lack of face-to-face communication. 
Besides, there are also potential issues with data reliability and authenticity. 
Therefore, balancing its advantages and shortcomings will be crucial for maintaining the quality. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the advantages and drawbacks of online research. 
First, the speaker states that online research is quicker than conventional methods, and there is no gap between quantity and quality. 
Second, the speaker mentions that the drawback is that we cannot communicate face-to-face. 
Finally, the speaker believes that we cannot pick up cues such as body language, which means we don't know who is on the other side. (70 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了在线调研的优缺点。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，在线调研比旧方法更快速，且数量与质量之间没有距离。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，其缺点在于我们无法面对面交流。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，我们无法通过肢体语言等反应获取信息，这意味着我们无从知晓对方是谁。

36.Food Crisis/ food production 粮食危机/ 食品生产#18790
The speaker mentions that people are going to suffer from a serious food crisis. 
He also says that the global food emergency could impact children and adults, so we must double the yield. 
Although there will be an increase of the cost of the production, there is also an opportunity for developing countries.
---
The lecture is mainly about food crisis. 
First, the speaker states that people suffered from a serious food crisis. 
After that, the speaker mentions that people must double food production. 
Finally, the speaker believes that it is urgent to increase production. (57 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了食物危机。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，人们遭受了严重的粮食危机。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，我们必须生产双倍的食物。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，增加产量是重要的。

37.internet and journalism /what happened to journalism 互联网与新闻/ 网络影响传媒 #18764
Recently, journalism has been faced with challenges. 
This is because the rise of the Internet has a great impact on journalism, as it enables ordinary people to get involved in journalism. 
Moreover, the Internet not only speeds up the spread of news, but also helps people gain information in various ways. 
---
The lecture is mainly about Internet and journalism. 
First, the speaker states that people like such changes, and they think the internet can improve the spread of news and help people gain information. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that journalism is becoming a team process. 
Finally, the speaker believes that the internet is reshaping how news is produced and consumed. (67 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了网络和新闻。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，人们喜欢这种改变，并且他们认为互联网可以提升新闻的传播并帮助人们获得信息。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，新闻业正在成为一个团队合作的过程。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，互联网正在重塑新闻的生产与传播方式。

38.The Industrial Revolution 工业革命 #18834
The industrial revolution was the work of inventors who created mechanism machines. 
Thus, everybody was crowded into factories and the new brave world opened up. 
Moreover, the industrial revolution first occurred in England due to the location of resources. 
In fact, the industrial revolution was an intensification of forms and production. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the Industrial Revolution. 
First, the speaker states that the Industrial Revolution was more than large factories and machines. 
Second, the speaker mentions that the Industrial Revolution was a period of fast growth of production. 
Finally, the speaker believes that the rapid rise of production was linked to traditional forms of production. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了工业革命。在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，工业革命不仅是以大型工厂和机器来衡量的。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，工业革命是生产的快速增长。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，生产的快速增长是与旧的生产形式联系在一起的。

39.Smart consumers and brand/ smart consumers and brand 品牌与顾客需求/ 精明的消费者与品牌 #18719
Consumers are incredibly smart, because they are able to combine a lifetime of experience with a brand. 
As a result, brands are essential to our business to allow us to deliver the increased consumer value. 
This is where the science starts. 
There are also many engineering contradictions during this process.
---
The lecture is mainly about the relationship between smart consumers and brands. 
First, the speaker states that a brand is very important to smart consumers. 
After that, the speaker mentions that the Second Moment of Truth is important, and the product must have good quality. 
Finally, the speaker believes that there are hard problems in making the products both strong and soft. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了聪明消费者与品牌的关系。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，品牌对聪明的消费者非常重要。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，“第二次真相时刻”很重要，产品必须具备良好的品质。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，在让产品兼具硬核与柔性方面存在困难的问题。

40.Melatonin 褪黑素 #23357
The synthesis of melatonin is in the pineal gland, which is very small. 
People call this gland "the seat of the soul". 
Melatonin also has a rhythm, which peaks at night. 
Therefore, it is called the darkness hormone. 
This means that melatonin occurs at night, and prepares us for the things we do at night.
---
The lecture is mainly about melatonin. 
First, the speaker states that melatonin is generated by the brain. 
After that, the speaker mentions that melatonin is different from cortisol, and it follows a rhythm opposite to that of cortisol. 
Finally, the speaker believes that melatonin plays a role in helping humans and animals prepare for nighttime activity. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了褪黑素。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，褪黑素由大脑产生。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，褪黑素与皮质醇不同。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，褪黑素有助于人类和动物为夜间活动做好准备。

41.wildlife as food/ wildlife as food and income 野生动物作为食物与经济来源 #18713
All humans rely on wildlife as the source of food, and also the source of income. 
For example, we consider fish as the single most important source of protein. 
Therefore, the management of wild fish resources is very important to livelihoods and health. 
Moreover, in many places, wildlife tourism can be the No.1 source of foreign income for economies.
---
fishing industry in Africa
The lecture is mainly about the fishing industry in Africa. 
First, the speaker states that wildlife is a source of food and income. 
After that, the speaker mentions that the management of fish resources [influences health]. 
Finally, the speaker believes that the [wildlife tourism industry] is important. (63 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了非洲渔业。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，野生动物既是食物来源，也是资金来源。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，渔业资源的管理对健康产生影响。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，野生动物旅游业很重要。

42.Face recognition 面部识别(facial recognition)#18738
We're experts at recognizing faces. 
We take the visual information and transform it, so that we can put a name to a face. 
Face recognition is a hard problem, yet it's a clever thing we can do. 
We can recognize different types of faces, and get different types of information from them.
---
The lecture is mainly about recognizing faces. 
First, the speaker states that humans are good at face recognition. 
After that, the speaker mentions that face recognition is a hard problem, and it is impressive that we can recognize different types of information. 
Finally, the speaker believes that people need to appreciate face recognition. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了人脸识别。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，人类擅长人脸识别。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，人脸识别是一个难题，能够识别不同类型的信息是一件聪明的事情。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，人们需要欣赏人脸识别。

43.Chimpanzee 拯救黑猩猩 #18757
Our organization is called Nonhuman Rights Project. 
We fight for the legal rights of non-human animals, and we decided upon chimpanzees. 
After we found our chimpanzee, we filed three suits. 
However, the court didn't approve our appeal because they think chimpanzees are not humans, even if we proved to the court that chimpanzees also have cognitive capabilities. 
---
The lecture is mainly about chimpanzees. 
First, the speaker states that they wanted to release a chimpanzee. For this chimpanzee had been kept for research for many years. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that the court dismissed the appeal because chimpanzees are not persons. 
Finally, the speaker believes that they will keep trying this year to get legal rights for animals. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了黑猩猩。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，首先，他们希望释放一只黑猩猩。这只黑猩猩因研究而被关押多年。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，之后，法院驳回了请求，因为黑猩猩不是“人”。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，最后，他们今年将继续努力为动物争取法律权利。

44.The Big Bang theory 宇宙大爆炸 #18710
We used to believe that the universe was about ten or twenty billion years old. 
We now know that it started in a big bang 13.8 billion years ago. 
What happened in the big bang can be explained by the laws of physics, which have proved that the universe is older than the stars. 
However, we are unsure about what will happen in the future. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the Big Bang theory. 
First, the speaker states that the universe began with a Big Bang. 
After that, the speaker mentions that the universe started with a Big Bang about 13.7 billion years ago. 
Finally, the speaker believes that if everything is correct, we can understand the universe. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了大爆炸理论。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，宇宙始于一次大爆炸。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，宇宙在大约 137 亿年前的一次大爆炸中诞生。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，如果一切都是正确的，我们就能理解宇宙。

45.Architecture design (demolition of buildings拆除建筑) #18788
Architecture is more than just the built environment, but also a part of our culture. 
It stands as a representation of how we see ourselves. 
In the 20th century, many old buildings with design flaws were demolished. 
This is an application of Darwin's theory of natural selection. 
It is unfair to criticize the demolition, because there is an importance in honoring the cultural nuances in the built environment. 
---
The Design of Buildings
The lecture is mainly about the design of buildings. 
First, the speaker states that design is important to a building. 
After that, the speaker mentions that there are some bad buildings and some great buildings. 
Finally, the speaker believes that many buildings were broken down because of their nature and function. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了建筑设计。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，设计对建筑至关重要。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，存在一些劣质建筑和一些杰出建筑。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，许多建筑因其性质和功能而被拆除。

46.Leadership #21945
A leader can define or clarify goals and can also mobilize people's energies in different ways. 
To better understand it, we can think of leadership as a spectrum. 
On one end, top leaders have been quite visible in their exercise of power. 
At the opposite end, women have provided casual and low-key leadership behind the scenes. 
However, this pattern has been changing.
---
Women in Positions of Power
Gender diversity in leadership advances equity, innovation and progress. 
The importance of women in leadership is that they bring diverse perspectives. 
Besides, they serve as role models and mentors for the next generation. 
Thus, it's essential to advocate and promote women in leadership, so that we can create more inclusive and equitable environments.
---
The lecture is mainly about leadership. 
First, the speaker states that great leadership is a difficult concept to define. 
Second, the speaker mentions that people need to master more skills, such as planning for the future and helping newcomers integrate into the team. 
Finally, the speaker believes that the team structure surrounding individuals is also very important. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了领导力。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，“伟大领导者”是一个难以定义的词。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，人们需要掌握更多技能，例如规划未来以及帮助新人融入团队。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，围绕个人的团队结构也具有重要意义。

47.Australian Culture(cultural diversity in Australia 澳大利亚多元化) #21113
Australia is a vibrant and multicultural country, which is home to the world's oldest continuous culture. 
It also has the oldest culture of residents, while migrants make an enormous contribution to Australia's economy too. 
However, many people in Australia experience unfair treatment, yet most new migrants say they feel a strong sense of belonging. 
Overall, this rich and cultural diversity is one of the Australian greatest strengths.
---
Migration history in Australia
The lecture is mainly about migration history in Australia. 
First, the speaker states that the first people of Australia were Indigenous Australians. 
After that, the speaker mentions that when Australia and nearby regions formed a single land, Indigenous peoples lived there. 
Finally, the speaker believes that Australia adopted a multicultural policy. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了澳大利亚的移民历史。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，澳大利亚最早的居民是澳大利亚原住民。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，当澳大利亚及其周边地区形成单一陆地时，原住民便在此定居。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，澳大利亚采纳了多元文化政策。

48.Development of Machines(machines increase unemployment 机器增加失业率) #21119
The development of machines is a sign of the development of the country. 
Machines are getting more advanced with face recognition or language processing techniques. 
Now our life is dependent on machines from which people also make a profit. 
However, as machines continue to improve, unemployment and redundancies will rise. 
Therefore, we need to create more jobs, or more people will lose jobs and the unemployment rate will increase.
---
The development of machines
The lecture is mainly about the development of machines. 
First, the speaker states that machines ought to do things better than most people. 
Second, the speaker mentions that machines have replaced many jobs and are becoming better and better. 
Finally, the speaker believes that when there are no new jobs, humans will have nowhere to go. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了机器的发展历程。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，机器应当比大多数人更擅长做事。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，机器已取代众多行业，并且变得越来越好。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，当没有新岗位时，人类将无处可去。

49.English language
To begin with, a man with a moderate speech rate says he is not from an English-speaking country, but he is going to discuss the English language. 
Secondly, he also mentions that language is an organic system in nature. 
Lastly, the speaker believes that the discussion connects language with human needs, development, and the environment.
Key words: America, organic system, live of nature, designer, water, specific, basic needs, human being, development, environment.

50.The history of English(History of English 英语语言发展史) #18791
The speaker first mentions that English is not a pure language. 
This is because it has borrowed from over 350 languages in its history, which makes English a variety of many languages. 
Therefore, we are not only learning about language, but we are learning about history. 
However, this fact has been viewed differently throughout history. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the history of English. 
First, the speaker states that English is not a pure language. 
After that, the speaker mentions that English borrowed words from over 350 languages. 
Finally, the speaker believes that today we are not only learning about language, but we are also learning about history. (60 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了英语的历史。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，英语并非纯粹的语言。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，英语从超过 350 种语言中获取了词汇。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，当今我们不仅在学习语言，更是在学习历史。

51.Globalization gap between goods and services 对全球化的误解 #23240
Globalization is an overused and often misunderstood concept. 
First of all, it is industries and markets that globalize. 
It is also known as the integration of economic activities across borders. 
Globalization is very important because it makes countries and markets more connected across the world, especially the financial and banking systems. 
---
The lecture is mainly about the differences between goods and services in the globalization process. 
First, the speaker states that services are more difficult to globalize. 
After that, the speaker mentions that these factors hinder the development of service trade. 
Finally, the speaker believes that digital technology can remove barriers and reshape the global service landscape. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了商品与服务在全球化进程中的差异。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，服务更难实现全球化。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，这些因素如何制约服务贸易的发展。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，数字技术如何消除壁垒并改变全球服务。

52.Need 需求和需求 #18776
The term 'need' has different meanings, whose interpretation depends entirely on the context. 
We use it to express a strong personal desire. 
Sometimes we use it as an objective statement, which is its more factual application. 
Besides, this term is also a multifunctional word. 
For example, 'need' can be a psychological term when humans are involved in nature. 
As a result, people’s needs ultimately push forward social structure revolutions.
---
The lecture is mainly about the need. 
First, the speaker states that need is a strong desire and an essential requirement. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that need is a multifunctional concept in social environments. 
Finally, the speaker believes that in terms of psychology, it means an inner need. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了需要。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，需要是一种强烈的渴望和不可或缺的需求。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，在社会环境中，需求是一个有用的概念。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，从心理学的角度来看，它指的是一种内在需求。

53.Patients' Recovery (Therapeutic environment 治疗环境)
We have a long history of research on hospital design and patient recovery. 
It’s been found that fresh air and sunlight have positive impacts, and architecture also plays an important part. 
Besides, being visited by friends or family members can help patients feel better. 
It is also believed that the well-designed hospital environment links to recovery rates. 

54.Inequality in Children (children's life quality 儿童成长的不平等) #21902
Well-educated parents can always promise their children a prosperous future. 
This is because these children have sufficient educational capacity and support since they were born. 
Besides, a compelling and disturbing fact is that the life chance of a child has been set by five years old. 
However, currently there is no obvious way to address this deep root of inequality in our society.
---
The lecture is mainly about the inequality in children. 
First, the speaker states that well-educated parents can provide their children with ample educational resources and support. 
After that, the speaker mentions that children's life opportunities are largely determined by the age of five. 
Finally, the speaker believes that there are still no particularly effective solutions to this deeply entrenched inequality in society. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了儿童群体中的不平等现象。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，受过良好教育的父母能够为子女提供良好的教育资源与支持。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，儿童的人生机遇在很大程度上由五岁时决定。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，对于这种社会不平等现象，至今仍缺乏好的解决办法。

55.water cycle
同 22.water cycle

56.national wealth and Adam Smith 国家财富与亚当斯密
答案:
A nation’s wealth was believed to be the money people could pile up. 
Then Adam Smith claimed that a nation's wealth came from agriculture as well as manufacture, and it was the ability to achieve high outputs. 
National wealth was equal to the nation's income, as it measured national output. 
As a result, his thought has set the stage for the era of industrialization. 
原⽂:
The concept of National Wealth has evolved significantly over time. 
Before the Industrial Revolution, British economists believed a nation's wealth lay in how much money people could pile up. 
This view focused on hoarding precious metals like gold and silver. 
However, this perspective was famously challenged by Adam Smith, who was a landowner and capitalist. 
In his 1776 book The Wealth of Nations, he claimed that a nation's wealth came from not only agriculture but also manufacture. 
For Smith, the nation's wealth was of the ability to achieve high outputs. 
In essence, overall, national wealth was equal to the nation's income since national income measured national output.
This thinking directly set the stage for the era of industrialization. 
Industrialization means harnessing machinery, factories, and new forms of energy to produce more output. 
Its goal is to fill the world with goods, precisely the goods you dress in, you eat—the tangible products that improve daily life. 
For decades following its rise, then manual manufacturing played the major role in this transformative process, moving production from homes to centralized factories.
Within this expanded view of wealth, agricultural outputs count, but they become one part of a larger economic engine. Adam Smith's framework teaches us that a nation's prosperity is dynamic.
-------------------------------------

55.Hand in hand
The first sentence: Sorry, hand in hand ...
Key words: significant opportunities, performance, study overseas, money.

3.A woman with student loans #18690
The lecture is mainly about a woman with student loans. 
First, the speaker states that she owes tens of thousands of dollars in student loans. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that she could not find a decent job. 
Finally, the speaker believes that her children are facing the problem of borrowing money for school, and she feels stressed. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了背负助学贷款的女性。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，她欠了几万的学生贷款。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，她找不到体面的工作。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，她的孩子们面临着借钱上学的问题，她感到压力很大。

9.A Survey on Social Well-Being and Happiness #18721
The lecture is mainly about a survey on social life and happiness. 
First, the speaker states that one factor is consistent patterns. 
After that, the speaker mentions that it includes basic things like money and health. 
Finally, the speaker believes that other factors include the living environment and the quality of life. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了社会生活与幸福感的调查。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，一个因素是稳定的模式。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，这包括资金和健康等基本要素。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，其他方面还包括生活环境和生活质量。

11.Global Warming and Climate Change #18737
The lecture is mainly about global warming and climate change. 
First, the speaker states that climate change is becoming a serious problem. 
After that, the speaker mentions that national governments should take action. 
Finally, the speaker believes that some major changes are taking place or happening globally. (60 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了全球变暖与气候变化问题。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，气候变化正在变成一个糟糕的问题。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，各国政府应当采取行动。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，全球范围内正在发生一些重大变化。

15.Industrialization #18752
The lecture is mainly about industrialization. 
First, the speaker states that the Industrial Revolution had a very bad effect on people. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that we should make laws about working conditions. 
Finally, the speaker believes that we need to make rules to change environmental conditions. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了工业化。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，工业革命对人们产生了非常坏的影响。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，我们应当制定关于工作条件的法律。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，我们需要制定规则来改变环境状况。

21.Absolutism #18772
The lecture is mainly about moral objectivism and moral absolutism. 
First, the speaker states that in moral objectivism, some moral principles apply to all actions. 
After that, the speaker mentions that in moral absolutism, a clear boundary exists between right and wrong. 
Finally, the speaker believes that these principles must be followed. (62 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了道德客观主义与道德绝对主义。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，在道德客观主义中，一些道德规则适用于所有行为。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，在道德绝对主义中，是非之间存在明确的界限。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，必须使用这些规则。

34.Mars and the Earth #18796
The lecture is mainly about Mars. 
First, the speaker states that Mars is close to the Earth. 
After that, the speaker mentions that Mars has hills, seasons and weather. 
Finally, the speaker believes that Mars has rare gases. (55 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了火星。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，火星距离地球较近。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，火星有丘陵、季节和天气。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，火星有特殊的气体。

38.Why Read Plato's “The Republic”? #18827
The lecture is mainly about the reasons to read the Republic. 
First, the speaker states that the book is very easy to read. 
After that, the speaker mentions that the book includes lively conversations and important ideas. 
Finally, the speaker believes that its thoughts and content are other reasons to read the book. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了阅读《理想国》的理由。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，该书非常易读。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，书中包含生动的对话与重要的思想。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，思想与内容是阅读此书的其他理由。

47.Bees waggle dance and communication #21307
The lecture is mainly about how bees communicate. 
First, the speaker states that it is interesting how bees communicate with each other. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that bees do a waggle dance to indicate the distance and direction of a food source. 
Finally, the speaker believes that it is a special communication system. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了蜜蜂如何交流。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，蜜蜂彼此间的交流方式很有趣。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，蜜蜂通过摆尾舞来展示食物的距离和方向。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，这是一种特殊的交流系统。

49.Societal diversity #21466
The lecture is mainly about societal diversity. 
First, the speaker states that all societies have diversity, which brings multiculturalism. 
Second, the speaker mentions that what causes diversity and how it happens are hard questions to answer. Simply counting the number is not that important. 
Finally, the speaker believes that most societies have diversity to some extent. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了社会的多样性问题。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，所有社会都存在多样性，从而带来多元文化主义。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，什么导致了多样性以及多样性如何发生。这些问题很难回答。单纯统计数量并不重要。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，大多数社会在某种程度上都存在多样性。

53.Motivation #21919
The lecture is mainly about two types of motivation. 
First, the speaker states that motivation can be categorized into approach motivation and avoidance motivation. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that approach motivation pertains to positive things, while avoidance motivation relates to negative things. 
Finally, the speaker believes that avoidance motivation tends to be significantly stronger. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了两种动机类型。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，动机可分为趋近动机与回避动机。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，趋近动机关联积极事物，而回避动机则关联消极事物。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，回避动机要强得多。

56.Bees waggle dance #22519
The lecture is mainly about how bees use a waggle dance as their communication system. 
First, the speaker states that when bees find a good food source, they do a waggle dance to tell other bees. 
Second, the speaker mentions that there was a study regarding bees' dancing behaviors. 
Finally, the speaker believes that bees can use their dance and sounds to describe different flowers and the environment. (67 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了蜜蜂如何运用摆尾舞作为其通讯系统。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，当蜜蜂发现优质食物来源时，会通过摆尾舞告诉其他蜜蜂。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，一项关于蜜蜂舞蹈行为的研究。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，蜜蜂能够通过舞蹈和声音来展示不同花卉及环境特征。

57.Population growth #22723
The lecture is mainly about the significance of population issues. 
First, the speaker states that resource pressure is a key factor. 
After that, the speaker mentions that population growth is not the same everywhere. 
Finally, the speaker believes that city infrastructure may begin to collapse as big cities get larger. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了人口问题的重要性。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，资源压力是一个关键因素。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，人口增长并非到处都一样。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，随着特大城市的扩张，城市设施可能会开始崩溃。

58.The Origin of Species #22868
The lecture is mainly about The Origin of Species. 
First, the speaker states that Darwin said that life on Earth is shaped by natural selection. 
Second, the speaker mentions that Darwin did not explain how traits are passed on to offspring. 
Finally, the speaker believes that Mendel later discovered that living things pass traits through genes. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了物种起源。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，达尔文说明了地球生命是由自然选择塑造的。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，达尔文并未解释性状如何传递给后代。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，孟德尔后来发现生物体通过基因传递性状。

61.Washing Fruit #23239
The lecture is mainly about proper methods for washing fruits and vegetables. 
First, the speaker states that thorough washing can effectively prevent bacteria and diseases. 
Second, the speaker mentions that it is important to read package instructions. 
Finally, the speaker believes that using running cold water combined with scrubbing is the best way or most effective approach. (56 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了清洗果蔬的好方法。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，彻底清洗能有效预防细菌和疾病。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，关注包装说明的重要性。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，使用冷水配合刷洗是最有效的方式。

63.Multiculturalism #23241
The lecture is mainly about multiculturalism in modern society. 
First, the speaker states that the main idea of multiculturalism was explained. 
In the second part, the speaker mentions that multiculturalism was illustrated through the melting-pot theory. 
Finally, the speaker believes that celebrating diversity helps build a good society. (54 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了现代社会中的多元文化主义。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，多元文化主义有其核心要义。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，可通过熔炉理论来阐释多元文化主义。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，庆祝多样性有助于构建良好的社会。

64.Symbolic Systems
The lecture is mainly about symbolic systems. 
First, the speaker states that language is a classic symbolic system. 
After that, the speaker mentions that people communicate with sign language and movement. 
Finally, the speaker believes that it is a good idea to do something with your hands and talk at the same time. (66 words)
本次讲座主要探讨了符号系统。
在讲座的第一部分，演讲者指出，语言是一个主要的符号系统。
在讲座的第二部分，演讲者提到，人们通过手语和肢体动作进行交流。
在讲座的最后部分，演讲者强调，边动手操作边交流是个好主意。