RTS：
1.礼貌开场
Hi man/ sir, sorry to bother you, but I need [your help/ some help from you/ to discuss something with you].  
嗨，伙计，很抱歉打扰你，...
Excuse me, could I trouble you with something?             
我能麻烦你点事吗？

2.描述具体问题
The background is that []                       事情是这样的

3.解决方案/ 诉求
Well, In this situation, []                     在这种情况下，             
Well, actually, I suggest that []               嗯, 实际上, 我建议...

4.礼貌结尾
If this isn't something you handle, could you please tell who I should contact?
如果这件事不是你负责的，能不能告诉我应该找谁？
Thank you very much for your understanding.
非常感谢您的理解。
Thanks for your help with this. 
感谢你在这方面的帮助
Catch you later                 
回头见

1. #81 New Classroom
When you arrive at the usual classroom where you normally have class, 
you find a notice saying that the computer is broken and you need to move to another new classroom. 
However, you are late today, and the other students have already moved to the new classroom. 
So you ask a student about how to get to the new classroom. What will you say?
当你到达平时上课的教室时，发现一张通知写着电脑坏了，需要搬到另一个新教室。
但你今天迟到了，其他同学已经搬去新教室了。
于是你向一名学生询问如何前往新教室。你会说什么？
答案：
Directions to the new classroom.
If you are free now, can you guide me?

2. #65 Missing Pages
You borrowed a book from the university library. 
But while reading it, you notice that two pages have been torn out, but you didn't do it. 
What do you say to the librarian when you return the book?
你从大学图书馆借了一本书，但在阅读时发现有两页被撕掉了，但你并没有撕。
你说什么还书给图书管理员时？
答案:
Two pages have been already missed when I borrowed it, this damage is not from me.
Report and records this damage. 
Help me to check the previous borrower's record.

3. #137 Disappearing Food
Your flatmate's visitors don't follow the rules, and your cheese and tomatoes in the fridge keep disappearing. 
You are very unhappy and need to talk to your flatmate about it. What will you say?
你的室友的访客不遵守规则，你冰箱里的奶酪和番茄也总是不翼而飞。
你非常不满，需要和室友谈谈这件事。你会说什么？
答案：
Please remind your visitors of the flat rules.
Label each other's food.

4. #142 Book to Return
You lent an English book to a friend three weeks ago, and he hasn't returned it yet. 
Now, you need the book very much. What would you say to him?
三周前你借了一本英文书给朋友，但至今还没还回来。现在你非常需要这本书。  
你会对他说什么？
答案：
I need the book very much.
Please return it to me as soon as possible.

5. #135 Forgotten Book
You have to return a book to your friend Tom, but when you get to school you realize you have forgotten to bring it. 
Your friend really needs it today. What will you say to your friend?
你得把一本书还给朋友汤姆，但到了学校才发现自己忘了带。  
你的朋友今天真的需要这本书。你会对朋友说什么呢？
答案：
I really apologize for this mistake.
bring the book to you tomorrow.

6. #143 Noisy Party
Your family and friends are holding a party with loud music in the living room at night, 
which is too noisy and influences your sleep, 
but you have an important exam early tomorrow morning.
What should you say to them?
你家人和朋友今晚在客厅里开派对，放着响亮的音乐，太吵了，影响了你的睡眠，但明天一早你还有重要的考试。  
你应该对他们说什么？
答案：
turn down the music.
ending the party before midnight.

7. #64 Noisy Library
You have an assignment due next week. 
Now you are in the library, but someone next to you is playing a video without headphones and you can hear their audio. 
You are too distracted to focus on your study and your assignment is very important. 
You should have a conversation with him to make sure you have a quiet place. 
What would you say?
你下周有一项作业要交。
现在你正在图书馆，但旁边有人在没有耳机的情况下播放视频，你能听到他的声音。
你太分心了，无法专心学习，而你的作业非常重要。
你应该和他谈谈，确保自己有一个安静的地方。你会怎么回答？
答案：
an important assignment due next week. 
the video playing aloud.
ask you to use headphones.
Can you moving to a quieter area?.

8. #200 Dorm Key
You forgot to bring your dormitory key and can't get into your room, 
but there is still food cooking on the stove inside. 
You need to contact the dormitory staff immediately to solve the problem. 
What would you say to them?
你忘记带宿舍钥匙，无法进入房间，但厨房里炉灶上还正在做饭。
你需要立即联系宿舍工作人员解决问题。你会对他们说什么？
答案：
I forgot to bring my dormitory key and cannot get into my room, while there is still food cooking on the stove inside, 
so I need to contact you immediately to solve this problem.
Please open my room door quickly.

9. #151 Advice for Friend
Your friend frequently skips classes, arrives late, leaves early, 
and does not submit assignments on time. What advice would you give them?
你的朋友经常旷课、迟到、早退，而且不按时提交作业。你会给他什么建议？
答案：
We can do daily study schedule together.
You can to talk to a tutor to ask for support.

10. #132 Broken Photocopier
You want to copy some documents, 
but you notice the photocopier does not have paper and the tray icon is flashing red.
What would you say to the library staff?
你想复印一些文件，但发现复印机没有纸张，且托盘图标正在闪烁红色。  
你会对图书馆工作人员怎么说？
答案：
I want to report this problem to you.
How can I get the repair timeline.

11. #128 Assignment Extension
The deadline for your assignment is tomorrow, but your computer has broken down, 
causing you to lose the completed assignment saved on it, 
and you want to ask your tutor for an extension. What would you say?
你的作业截止日期是明天，但电脑坏了，导致你丢失了保存在上面的已完成作业，
现在你想向导师申请延期。你会怎么回答？
答案：
Ask for extra time.
I am apologize for this situation.

12. #136 Delay of Loan
Your loan has been delayed, so you can't pay the full amount of the accommodation fee at once. 
You have a part-time job, but it's not enough. 
You are going to ask the university accommodation officer for advice. What will you say?
您的贷款已延期，因此无法一次性支付全部住宿费用。您有一份兼职工作，但收入不足。你是
我打算去向大学住宿管理员咨询一下。你会怎么回答？
答案：
Ask for extra time.
If there are any partial payment options.

13. #133 Roommate
You're sharing a flat with a few other students, 
but you've noticed they often use your desk and your stationery. 
You're concerned that they may also start using your work notes. What would you say?
你和几位同学合住一间公寓，但注意到他们经常使用你的书桌和文具。  
你担心他们可能会开始用你的作业本。你会怎么回应？
答案：
Please ask me for my permission before using my things. 
I'm also a bit concerned that my work notes might get mixed up or used by mistake. 
So I'd like to keep them private. I hope you understand. Thank you.

14. #47 Loud Music
Your neighbor has been playing loud music late at night, making it difficult for you to sleep. 
You want to address the situation diplomatically to maintain a
good relationship with your neighbor while ensuring the noise is reduced during late hours. 
What would you say to your neighbor?
你的邻居晚上一直放着高分贝的音乐，让你难以入睡。
你想以一种委婉的方式提出这个问题，既希望维持与邻居的良好关系，又确保深夜时噪音能减少。
你会对邻居说什么？
答案：
Can you use headphones.
Please don not make noise on midnight, I hope your understand, thank you.

15. #150 Unhealthy Food
The food served in the school canteen is not healthy enough. 
What would you say to the canteen manager to express your concerns?
学校食堂提供的食物不够健康。你该如何向食堂经理表达你的担忧？
答案：
Can you add more fresh options.
Give us some salad choices.

16. #140 Housework
You live in a four-person dorm with three classmates. 
You notice that one of them hasn't been cleaning the bathroom and the kitchen according to the duty
schedule, so you tell him that he needs to do his cleaning on time in the future.
What would you say to him?
你和三位同学住在一个四人宿舍里。你注意到其中一位同学没有按照值班安排打扫浴室和厨房，于是你提醒他今后需要按时完成清洁工作。  
你会对他说什么？
答案：
housework.
Please remind you of the housework schedule.
Share a checklist for the housework with you.

17. #218 Message about Food
You've invited your student and his wife to dinner, 
but you're unsure what kind of food they prefer. 
You called them, yet there was no answer, so you need to send them a text message. 
What would you say in the message?
你邀请了学生和他的妻子共进晚餐，但不确定他们喜欢什么样的食物。
你给他们打了电话，却无人接听，因此需要给他们发一条短信。你会在短信中写些什么？
答案：
I text you about the dinner plan.
Please tell me which food do you prefer?

18. #154 Nervous Friends
Your friends are about to deliver speeches and are extremely nervous because of a lack of experience. 
What would you say to them?
你的朋友们即将发表演讲，由于缺乏经验而非常紧张。你会对他们说什么呢？
答案：
You can take a few deep breaths first.
You can take a practice in front of me.

19. #105 Copying Assignment
You are in the library working on a difficult assignment. 
A classmate, who you know hasn't started the work, 
approaches you and asks if they can copy your nearly completed assignment because they are out of time. 
You don't want to give them your work. What would you say?
你正在图书馆做一项困难的作业。
一位同学，你清楚他还没开始工作，突然来找你，请求你把几乎完成的作业抄给他，因为他时间不够了。
你不想把作业交给别人。你会怎么回答？
答案：
I do not think this is a good idea.
I would be happy if I could help you.

20. #220 Student Card
Your student ID card is damaged, and you cannot access the building through the entrance. 
You will go to the campus administrator and ask for help getting a replacement card. 
What would you say?
你的学生证已损坏，无法通过入口进入大楼。
你应前往校园管理员处寻求帮助，申请更换新证。你会怎么表达？
答案：
I can show you my broken card.
What is required for to request a new card.

21. #214 Household Timetable
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with shared housework.
The background is that we share accommodation together as university students, but some of you are not finishing the cooking and cleaning tasks we
agreed on before, and I hope we can make a timetable for household chores.
In the situation, what I can think of is to talk about the problem calmly.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to divide housework clearly.
解析：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with shared housework.
The background is that we share accommodation together as university students, but some of you are not finishing the cooking and cleaning tasks we
agreed on before, and I hope we can make a timetable for household chores.
In the situation, what I can think of is to talk about the problem calmly.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to divide housework clearly.
原文：
You are sharing accommodation with other university students, but some of them are not doing their share of the cooking and cleaning that was agreed
upon earlier. You are going to talk to them about creating a timetable for household chores. What would you say?
你和一些大学生合住一间宿舍，但其中有些人没有按照之前约定的分工来分担做饭和打扫卫生的工作。你打算和他们商量制定一个家务时间表。你会怎么建议？

22. #83 Absence for Tutorial
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with my Wednesday tutorial schedule.
The background is that I have an important football match at the same time as our 3 P.M. session that I need to attend.
In the situation, what I can think of is to request alternative arrangements for the tutorial.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to complete the tutorial work in advance.
原文：
You have a tutorial at 3 P.M. on Wednesday afternoon, but unfortunately there is a football match that you need to attend at the same time. You want to
rearrange the time with the teacher. What would you say to your teacher?
你周三下午3点有一节辅导课，但很遗憾，同一时间还有一个足球比赛需要去参加。你想和老师商量调整时间，你会对老师说什么？

23. #100 Taking Notes
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with today's lecture material.
The background is that I missed some key points during class and noticed you were taking great notes - could you help me understand?
In the situation, what I can think of is to quickly review the main concepts together.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to compare notes after class.
原文：
You are walking out of your lecture and realize you didn't understand some of the main points your professor was making. You see a classmate who you
think took good notes and paid attention during class. You want to ask them for help understanding what was covered. What would you say?
你刚下完课，发现自己没听懂教授讲的一些重点内容。你注意到一位同学，觉得他上课时认真记笔记、专心听讲。你想向他请教，帮助自己理解课堂上讲的内容。你会说些什么？

24. #144 Feedback of Essay
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with the feedback on my essay.
The background is that I wrote an essay, consulted you as my tutor, and asked for some feedback on my work.
In the situation, what I can think of is to carefully review your suggestions.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to revise the draft.
原文：
You wrote an essay in a short time, consulted your tutor, and asked them for some feedback on your work. What would you say to him?
你花了一段时间写完了一篇作文，咨询了导师，并请他们对你的作品给予一些反馈。你会对他说什么？

25. #226 Dinner with Neighbor
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that we have encountered with our dinner.
The background is that I am having dinner with my business partner, and you run a company which might be suitable for collaboration.
In this situation, what I can think of is to invite you to our dinner table.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to exchange business ideas with you.
原文：
You are having dinner with a business partner, and one of your neighbors also runs a company that might be suitable for collaboration. You want to invite
him to join you for dinner and explore potential business opportunities. What would you say to him?
你正在与一位商业伙伴共进晚餐，而你的邻居也经营着一家可能适合合作的公司。你想邀请他一起用餐，探讨潜在的合作机会。你会对他说什么？

26. #147 Injured Classmate
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with your need to return books to the library.
The background is that your leg is injured, but you still need to return books to the library.
In the situation, what I can think of is to help you to return the books.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to ask you for the library card if it's needed for returning.
原文：
Your classmate's leg is injured, but he needs to return books to the library. You are planning to help him by returning the books. What would you say to him?
你的同学腿受伤了，但他需要把书还回图书馆。你打算帮他把书还回去，你会对他说什么？

27. #173 Class or Assignment
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with our plans.
The background is that another friend just invited me to work on an assignment together at the same time we're supposed to attend class.
In the situation, what I can think of is to suggest a different time for the assignment.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to check if you can join us too.
原文：
You are going to attend a class with one of your friends. However, another friend invites you to work on an assignment together at the same time. 
What would you say to your friend?
你将和一位朋友一起参加一堂课，但另一位朋友同时邀请你一起完成一项作业。  
你会对你的朋友说什么？

28. #198 Lacking Working Experience
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with applying for a part-time job in the school cafe.
The background is that I am interested in applying for a part-time job in the school cafe but it requires working experience that I am actually currently
lacking, so I want to ask my friend to tell other schoolmates.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask my friend for help.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to look for more chances.
原文：
You are interested in applying for a part-time job in the school cafe but it requires working experience that you are actually currently lacking. You ask your
friend to tell other schoolmates. What would you say?
你对申请学校咖啡馆的兼职工作很感兴趣，但这份工作需要工作经验，而你现在还没有。你让朋友去告诉其他同学，你会怎么回答？

29. #189 Volunteer during Orientation
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with looking for orientation volunteers.
The background is that the school is looking for volunteers to help students during orientation, I want to join this event because I am good at preparing
publicity materials and I am available on Friday.
In the situation, what I can think of is to apply for the volunteer work.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to show my advantages.
原文：
The school is looking for volunteers to help students during orientation. You want to join this event because you are good at preparing publicity materials,
and you are available on Friday. What would you say to the committee?
学校正在寻找志愿者，协助学生参加迎新活动。你希望参加此次活动，是因为你擅长准备宣传材料，并且在周五有空。你会对组委会说些什么？

30. #228 Scholarship
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that we have encountered with scholarship application.
The background is that I am volunteering at school helping answer students' questions, but I do not know the specific application process.
In this situation, what I can think of is to explain my situation to you clearly.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to find another person to help you.
原文：
You are volunteering at your school and helping answer students' questions. A student asks you how to apply for a scholarship, but you don't know the
specific application process. What would you say to this student?
你正在学校做志愿者，帮助解答学生的问题。一名学生问你如何申请奖学金，但你并不清楚具体的申请流程。你会对这名学生说什么？

31. #179 Party for Parents
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with my assignment deadline.
The background is that I had nearly finished my assignment, but my sister asked me to attend my parents' party, and as a result I missed the deadline.
In the situation, what I can think of is to submit it as soon as possible now.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to apologize for the delay.
原文：
You had nearly finished your assignment, but your sister asked you to attend your parents' party, and as a result you missed the deadline. What would you
say to your tutor?
你几乎完成了作业，但姐姐让你去参加父母的聚会，因此你错过了截止日期。你会对你的导师说什么？

32. #160 Lost Notebook
答案：
Hi! would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with today's lecture notes.
The background is that I lost my notebook with all my notes from the lecture earlier, and I know you took really clear notes.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask if I could borrow your notes and copy them, because I have to refer to them to complete my assignment.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to return them to you quickly.
原文：
You attended a lecture earlier today, but you lost the notebook in which you wrote all your notes. Your friend also attended the lecture and took very clear
and detailed notes. You decide to ask her to lend her notes to you because you need them for your assignment. What would you say?
你今天早些时候参加了一次讲座，但把写满笔记的笔记本弄丢了。你的朋友也参加了讲座，而且做了非常清晰、详细的笔记。你决定请她借给你她的笔记，因为你作业需要这些内容。你会怎么回答？

33. #230 Drama Club
原文：
You are the president of a drama club. Recently, many new members have joined, so you are planning to hold a party next week to welcome them. What
would you say to club members?
你是戏剧社的社长。最近有许多新成员加入，因此你计划下周举办一场聚会来欢迎他们。什么
你会对俱乐部成员说些什么吗？

34. #190 Food for Party
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with preparing for the class party.
The background is that our class is going to organize a party, and you are responsible for preparing the food, so I want to ask you what I can do to help and
when exactly the party will start.
In the situation, what I can think of is to offer some help to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to confirm the party time.
原文：
Your class is going to organize a party, and your classmate Max is responsible for preparing the food. You want to ask him what you can do to help and
when exactly the party will start. What would you say to him?
你们班要组织一场派对，你的同学马克斯负责准备食物。你想问他可以怎么帮忙，以及派对具体什么时候开始。你会对他说什么？
---
1. #49 Party
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with the food preparations for our upcoming party.
The background is that I'm planning to prepare barbecue and salad for everyone, but I don't know if you have any dietary restrictions.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask you to text me your dietary needs.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to prepare some vegetarian options.
原文：
You are going to have a party with your classmates at home. You will prepare barbecue and salad to treat them, but you do not know their dietary
restrictions. You made a phone call to ask them about this, but they did not answer the call. Please leave a message to them.
你将和同学在家里举办一场派对。你要为他们准备烧烤和沙拉作为招待，但不知道他们的饮食限制。你已打电话询问过，但他们没有接听电话。请给他们留下一条留言。

2. #187 Borrowing Printer
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with printing my assignment.
The background is that I need to print out the assignment I've finished and hand it in, but my printer is broken.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask if I could use your printer quickly.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to bring my own paper.
原文：
You need to print out the assignment you've finished and hand it in, but your printer is broken. You want to borrow a printer from your friend Carl. 
What would you say?
你需要打印已完成的作业并交上去，但你的打印机坏了。你想向朋友卡尔借一台打印机。  
你会怎么回答？

3. #176 Wrong Email
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with my assignment submission.
The background is that you mentioned not receiving my email, and I just realized I sent it to the wrong address by mistake.
In the situation, what I can think of is to resend it to the correct email now.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to double-check that you received it.
原文：
Your professor says he hasn't received your assignment by email. You check your email and find that you have sent it to a wrong address. 
What would you say to your professor?
你的教授说他没有收到你通过电子邮件发送的作业。你检查邮箱后发现，自己把邮件发给了错误的地址。  
你会对教授说什么？

#156 Noisy Friend
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with focusing during the lecture.
The background is that you're sitting next to me and keep talking, but I really need to concentrate and take notes right now.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask if we could talk after class instead.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to share my notes with you later.
原文：
Your friend is sitting next to you and keeps talking, but you want to focus on the lecture and take notes. What would you say to him?
你的朋友坐在你旁边，一直说话，但你想专注于听课并做笔记。你会对他说什么？

24. #199 Friend's Homework
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with helping with homework.
The background is that you want me to help you with your homework, but I don't have time.
In the situation, what I can think of is to say sorry to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to help you later.
原文：
Your friend Ali wants you to help him with his homework, but you don't have time. What would you say to him?
你的朋友阿里想请你帮他做作业，但你没时间。你会对他说什么？

27. #215 Book for Essay
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with lending the reference book.
The background is that you come to borrow a book from me to write your assignment, yet your assignment is due tomorrow, and I also need this same
book to complete my own assignment.
In the situation, what I can think of is to explain my real need to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to recommend other relevant books to you.
解析：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with lending the reference book.
The background is that you come to borrow a book from me to write your assignment, yet your assignment is due tomorrow, and I also need this same
book to complete my own assignment.
In the situation, what I can think of is to explain my real need to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to recommend other relevant books to you.
原文：
Your friend comes to borrow a book from you for an assignment, but the assignment is due tomorrow, and you need the same book to finish your own
assignment. What would you say to them?
你的朋友来借一本书给你，说是做作业用的，但作业明天就要交，而你又需要这本书来完成自己的作业。你会对他说什么？

29. #211 Computer and Report
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with submitting the daily report.
The background is that my computer has broken down, but you require me to submit a report every day. I will not be able to hand in tomorrow's report
because I need to take my computer to the IT Service Center for repair.
In the situation, what I can think of is to sincerely apologize to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to hand in the report as soon as possible.
解析：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with submitting the daily report.
The background is that my computer has broken down, but you require me to submit a report every day. I will not be able to hand in tomorrow's report
because I need to take my computer to the IT Service Center for repair.
In the situation, what I can think of is to sincerely apologize to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to hand in the report as soon as possible.
原文：
Your computer has broken down, but your tutor requires you to submit a report every day. You will not be able to hand in tomorrow's report because you
need to take your computer to the IT Service Center for repair. What would you say to your tutor?
你的电脑坏了，但你的导师要求你每天提交报告。由于你需要把电脑送去IT服务中心维修，明天无法交上报告。你会对导师怎么说？

31. #171 Wrong Time
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with the exam time.
The background is that I just told you the exam is at 3 p.m. tomorrow, but I found out it's actually at 2 p.m. today - I'm so sorry for the mistake.
In the situation, what I can think of is to apologize for the wrong information.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to confirm you can still make it.
原文：
You just told one of your friends that the exam time is 3 p.m. tomorrow afternoon. But you've just found out that you were wrong-the exam is actually at 2
p.m. this afternoon. You want to correct this mistake immediately. What would you say to the friend?
你刚刚告诉朋友，考试时间是明天下午3点。但你发现其实错了——考试其实是今天下午2点。你想立即纠正这个错误，你会对朋友说什么？

33. #222 Volleyball
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that I have encountered with volleyball-related activities.
The background is that I am a volleyball player, but the university does not place enough importance on this sport and has not organized any volleyball-
related activities.
In this situation, what I can think of is to report this problem to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to advise you to hold volleyball events.
原文：
You are a volleyball player, but your university does not place enough importance on this sport and has not organized any volleyball-related activities. You
need to express your suggestions to the university administrator. What would you say?
你是一名排球运动员，但你的大学对这项运动重视不足，也没有组织任何与排球相关的活动。你
需要向大学管理员表达您的建议。您会说些什么？
-----
30. #191 Tired Friend
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with feeling tired and staying up late.
The background is that you tell me you have been feeling so tired recently and I know you often stay up late.
In the situation, what I can think of is to remind you to sleep earlier.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to care about your health.
原文：
A friend of yours tells you that she has been feeling so tired recently. You know she often stays up late. What should you say to her?

34. #221 Academic Conference
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that I have encountered with the academic conference.
The background is that I am unsure what preparations I should make for the conference and whether it will contribute to my future academic development.
In this situation, what I can think of is to ask for preparation advice.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to check its value for my study.
原文：
Your tutor invites you to attend an academic conference. However, you are unsure what preparations you should make and whether this opportunity will
contribute to your future academic development. What will you say to your tutor?

36. #217 Studying in Cafe
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with finding an open coffee shop for studying.
The background is that I'm studying in this coffee shop, but it's about to close. Since I need to keep studying late into the evening, I want to ask you if there
are any other coffee shops nearby that are still open.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask the staff for directions.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to find a quiet place to study.
解析：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with finding an open coffee shop for studying.
The background is that I'm studying in this coffee shop, but it's about to close. Since I need to keep studying late into the evening, I want to ask you if there
are any other coffee shops nearby that are still open.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask the staff for directions.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to find a quiet place to study.
原文：
You're studying in a coffee shop, but it's about to close. Since you need to keep studying late into the evening, you ask one of the staff if there are any other
coffee shops nearby that are still open. What would you say?

#216 Studying Together
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with our study plan.
The background is that you have been looking forward to studying with me on Monday, but I have an urgent meeting with my tutor that day.
In this situation, what I can think of is to tell you about my tutor meeting.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to propose studying on Friday.
原文：
Your friend has been looking forward to studying with you on Monday, but you have an urgent meeting with your tutor that day. You'd like to suggest
studying together on Friday instead. What would you say?

37. #212 Book Hold to Cancel
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that have encountered with my book hold.
The background is that I wanted to borrow a book from your library. However, I have got the book from somewhere else later.
In this situation, what I can think of is to cancel my book hold.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to confirm the cancellation.
原文：
You want to borrow a book from the library, but it is already checked out. You place a hold on it and ask to be notified when it is returned. Later, you get the
book elsewhere, so you need to call the library and cancel the hold. What would you say?

40. #223 Noisy Neighbors
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that I have encountered with the noisy neighbors.
The background is that I live in a college dormitory, and my upstairs neighbors often make a lot of noise.
In this situation, what I can think of is to report the noise problem to you.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to ask you to talk to them.
原文：
You live in a college dormitory, and your upstairs neighbors often make a lot of noise. You want to complain to the dormitory manager. What would you say?

19. #119 Computer Failure
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with my computer.
The background is that I am in the campus library working on an urgent assignment when my computer suddenly stops working. I try restarting it, but
nothing happens.
In the situation, what I can think of is to request you to check my computer.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to ask you to direct me to someone else if you can't help.
原文：
You are in the campus library working on an urgent assignment when your computer suddenly stops working. You try restarting it, but nothing happens.
You see a staff member nearby who might be able to help or direct you to someone who can. What would you say?

25. #129 Exhibition
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that we have encountered with the exhibition plan.
The background is that I've got a request from you to help organize an exhibition, but I have an exam and I am not available.
In this situation, what I can think of is to apologize to you sincerely.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to recommend another person to help you.
原文：
Your friend asks you to help organize an exhibition, but you have an exam and are not available. What would you say?

26. #219 Free Activities
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue that I have encountered with free activities.
The background is that I am a new student on campus and I want to learn about free activities at the university.
In this situation, what I can think of is to check with you for available events.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to ask you for related details.
原文：
You are a new student on campus and want to learn about free activities at the university. You go to the student centre to ask the staff how you can get
information about these activities. What would you say?

28. #157 Debating Club
答案：
Hi! I would like to discuss an issue we have encountered with the room arrangements.
The background is that I'm organizing a debating club, but the room I booked is too small, and I noticed this larger room where you're studying.
In the situation, what I can think of is to ask if you'd be willing to swap rooms with us.
Besides, another thing that comes to my mind is to help you move your things.
原文：
You're organizing a debating club, but the room you booked is too small. There happens to be a larger room next door, but there are students studying
inside. If you want to switch rooms, what would you say to those students?








































