PTE WFD (Write From Dictation) 

三明治复习法：
播放时将使用【一遍英文-一遍中文-一遍英文】的方式
第一遍（英文）：听句子大致结构，抓关键词；
第二遍（中文）：根据中文意思反推，理解原句；
第三遍（英文）：加深句意和意群理解，尽可能复原原句

预测题：
1.The exam will not be posted until further time.

2.We have been unsuccessful in finding a new manager.

3.Please confirm your essay topic before the deadline.

4.Effective communication is the key to becoming a good successful manager.

5.Participants recorded their sleep hours in the journals.
参与者在日志中记录了自己的睡眠时长
6.The professor said biology is not the only subject on the exam.

7.You will have a quiz in class next week.
下周课堂上你们会有一次小测
8.The unemployment rate has steadily increased over the last year.
在过去一年中，失业率持续上升
9.Maths uses numbers and shapes to solve problems.

10.We were talking about the ways of committing crime.
我们在谈论犯罪的方式
11. The class is canceled because the professor is sick.

12.Some students were absent due to the train delay.

13.The meeting seemed minor, occurring in just a small room.
这次会议看似次要，只是在一个小房间里进行
14.The university library cafe is on the third floor.

15.Farming is affected by changes in seasonal patterns.
农业受季节模式变化的影响
16.Application forms should be submitted in one week.

17.Plastic pollution is very dangerous for ocean lives.

18.We should always use recycled plastic and glass bottles.

19.The lecture will take place at a different location.

20.You need to make sure that all your essays are handled in on time.

21.The tutor has canceled the lecture for geography students.

22.The field of social development includes description of social behavior.

23.The article illustrates the intricate relationship of culture and languages.
这篇文章说明了文化和语言之间错综复杂的关系
24.The assessment procedure has been changed slightly since lat year.
自去年年底以来，评估程序略有变化
25.Having enough sleep has many positive benefits.

26.The glittering of the lake camouflages the fish.
湖面的波光掩盖了鱼的身影
27.Please return the textbooks to the correct bookshelves in the library.

28.The contract will be singed by the owner of the company.

29.The art course has been canceled due to the new policy.

30.Meteorology is the detailed study of the Earth's atmosphere.
气象学是对地球大气的详细研究
31.You do not need to have specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.

32.Students often conduct research to enhance their knowledge.

33.Our aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
我们的目标是减少人们所承担的风险
34.Students should register to gain access to the library printer.

35.All new medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
所有医学院新生都必须参加关于选修课的讲座
36.The student union hosts a variety of social events.

37.This class will look at the structure of an essay.
本课将探讨文章的结构
38.We learned through observations and the analysis of human behaviors.
我们通过观察以及分析人类行为来进行学习
39.Safety is the most important in the biology job.

40.At university, students can make friends for life.

41.The vocabulary that has peculiar meanings in a special field is called jargon.
在某一特定领域具有特殊含义的词汇称为行话
42.It is a debate about the value of knowledge.

43.A few journalism students write for the school newspaper.
有几名新闻专业的学生为校报撰稿
44.We encourage students to complete their applications before the deadline.

45.Visual aids can be really helpful when you are revising.
在你复习的时候，视觉辅助工具可能会非常有帮助
46.All answers must be thoroughly researched and supported by relevant theories.
所有答案都必须经过充分研究，并有相关理论作为支撑
47.All accounting students must submit their dissertations before the end of the week.

48.A good academic paper should present a clear argument.

49.His analysis study appeared to be based on a false premise.
他的分析似乎基于一个错误的前提
50.The rising inflation rate indicates a decrease in demand for consumer products. 
不断上升的通胀率表明消费者产品的需求在下降
51.The problem was complex and difficult to explain.

52.Technology is changing the way that media is used and studied.
技术正在改变媒体被使用和研究的方式
53.Strangely, people are simultaneously impressed by and skeptical of using statistics.
奇怪的是，人们对使用统计数据既感到印象深刻，又持怀疑态度
54.Please note that the seminar has now been canceled.
请注意，研讨会现已取消
55.The lectures today were carried out in the field of global warming.

56.Classical mechanics is sometimes considered as a branch of applied mathematics.
经典力学有时被认为是应用数学的一个分支
57.Scientists have founded all parts of society today.
科学家建立了当今社会的所有部分
58.The elective course introduces engineering students to construction practices and concepts.
这门选修课向工程专业学生介绍施工实践和概念
59.The lecture today will cover all the main reasons for global warming.

60.A good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.

61.The college operates a system of continuous assessment.
这所学院实行/运行一套持续评估体系。
62.Relying on natural ability will not get you far in science.

63.Calculators are not allowed to be used in the examination.

64.Enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
选修双学位可能会增加你的职业选择
65.Please close the door behind you when you leave the room.

66.The content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
内容旨在定义数学与哲学的结合
67.Students should take the training course to use the gym.
学生应先参加培训课程，才能使用健身房
68.The economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
这些经济预测结果证明是不正确的
69.The closing date of applications for travel scholarships will be next Monday.
旅行奖学金申请的截止日期是下周一
70.Rising sea temperatures are a sigh of climate change.

71.Please return your reference books to the library shelves.

72.These three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
这三项独立的资源对于这次评估来说不够
73.You will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
你将通过持续性评估和考试两种方式进行考核
74.Many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.

75.People have become dependent on using phones in everyday life.
人们在日常生活中已经变得依赖于使用手机。
76.The department works closely with its partners in the business community.
该部门与商界的合作伙伴紧密协作
77.Linguistic is the scientific study and analysis of language.

78.Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.

79.A good abstract highlights the key points of a paper.

80.The celebrated theory is still the source of a great controversy.
这个著名理论仍然是一场巨大争议的源头。
81.A new collection of articles has just been published.

82.A visit to the newly designed museum is of great value.
参观这个新设计的博物馆很有价值
83.Auditions for the university choir will be held next week.
大学合唱团的试唱选拔将于下周举行
84.New media journalism is an interesting field of study.
新媒体新闻学是一个有趣的研究领域
85.The university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
这所大学为学生和教职员工提供优良的休闲设施
86.There is an accounting assignment for finance students.

87.Calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.

88.We should never underestimate the power of creative design.
我们永远不应低估创意设计的力量
89.The marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.

90.Designers need to keep up with the social trend.

91.The rise in the sea level indicates climate change.

92.Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
艺术家需要让自己的作品既具有原创性，又易于理解
93.Mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
互斥事件可以被描述为互补或相反
94.Our study program equips students with the essential skills for university.
我们的学习项目为学生提供了上大学所需的基本技能
95.Salt is produced from the sea water or extracted from the ground.
盐是通过海水生产的，或是从地下开采的
96.Request for late applications will not be accepted under any circumstances.

97.Gravity is the force that attracts two bodies toward one another.
重力是将两个物体彼此吸引的力
98.Castles were designed to intimidate both local people and enemies.
城堡的设计旨在同时威慑当地民众和敌人
99.The news will not be received until the following week.

100.The commissioner will apportion the funds among all the authorities.
专员将把资金分配给所有相关部门/当局
101.Most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
大部分讲座都会准时开始，所以不要迟到
102.Social psychology is concerned with the understanding of human behaviors.

103.A laptop computer has been found in the biology lab.

104.The chemistry building is located near the entrance to the campus.

105.Most of these students have not considered this issue before.

106.His appointment as the minister of culture was seen as a demotion.
他被任命为文化部部长被视为一次降职
107.Time and distance are used to calculate speed.

108.The opening hours of the library are reducing summer.

109.The study center in the library has all the latest technologies.
图书馆里的学习中心配备了所有最新的技术设备
110.Measures must be taken to prevent the unemployment rate from increasing.
必须采取措施以防止失业率上升
111.Essays and assignments are spread across the academic year.
论文和作业分布在整個學年之中
112.The area has a variety of underwater habitats and species.
该区域拥有多种多样的水下栖息地(habitats)及物种
113.Momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
动量被定义为质量与速度的结合
114.Students should leave their bags on the table by the door.

115.The collapse of the housing market has caused recessions throughout the world.
房地产市场的崩溃已在全世界范围内引发了经济衰退
116.Sugar is a compound, which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
糖是一种化合物，由碳、氧和氢组成
117.The north campus car park could be closed on Sunday.

118.The reception staff can give advice on renting private accommodation.
接待处的工作人员可以为您提供租用私人住所的建议
119.There is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
人们普遍认为工程学是男孩的专长
120.Your ideas are discussed and debated in seminars and tutorials.
你的想法在研讨会和教程中被讨论和辩论
121.The printers automatically print two sides of each page.

122.Students have a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.

123.Distance learning allows you to develop your career around your commitments.
远程学习让你能够根据自己已有的（时间或生活）安排来发展你的事业
124.Speak to your tutor if you have further assistance.
如果你需要进一步的帮助，请咨询你的导师
125.Scientists were unsure when the early man first left Africa.

126.Continuing students will be sent the necessary application forms.
在读学生（或继续学业的学生）将会收到必要的申请表
127.Much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.

128.The university has invested in new technologies designed to support learning.
这所大学已投资于旨在支持学习的新技术
129.More research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
在得出任何明确结论之前，还需要进行更多的研究
130.There have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
数学系最近发生了许多变化
131.Economic development needs to be supported by the government.

132.Novelist write about the best things that they know about.
小说家写他们最了解的美好事物
133.The professor took a year off to work on the book.

134.The rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
不断升高的气温正在改变野生动物的种群数量
135.Some departments have their own special book collections.

136.Read the safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshop.
在车间使用任何设备之前，请先阅读安全说明
137.Plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.

138.Some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
一些经济学家认为，整个金融体系存在致命(fatally)的缺陷(flawed)
139.The archeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
这位考古学家的新发现在之前被忽视的地基中显得格外突出
140.It may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
这可能并不意味着能够轻易解决这个问题
141.If you need additional help, visit the student resource center.

142.He landed his job in a very prestigious law firm.
他成功在一家非常顶尖的(有声望的)律师事务所找到了一份工作
143.Geography is generally divided into two branches, human and physical.
地理学通常分为两个分支：人文地理学和自然地理学
144.An introduction is an essential element of a presentation.
引言是演示文稿（或演讲）中必不可少的一个要素
145.Education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
教育和培训为劳动力提供了重要的技能
146.A good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.

147.Good research delivers practical benefits to real people.

148.If finance is the cause of a concern, scholarships may be available.

149.Our medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.

150.Students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.

151.Art is an expression of creative skill and imagination.

152.Those who are considering a career in marketing should attend the talk.
那些正在考虑从事市场营销职业的人应该参加这次讲座。
153.This courses provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.

154.Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
部门之间的协作是成功公司的一个特征。
155.In this language course, we focus on both fluency and accuracy.

156.Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.

157.Library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.

158.The cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken and fish.

159.The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.

160.You will acquire many skills during the academic studies.

161.Students should have a awareness of how business develops globally.

162.Sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.

163.We have sophisticated ways of studying the brain on action.

164.We have not yet achieved equality in our society.

165.Before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.

166.All of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.

167.Please confirm that you have received the textbook.

168.There is clearly a need for further research in this filed.

169.Safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
在实验室做实验时应佩戴护目镜
170.Important details from the argument are missing in the summary.

171.The faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.

172.The university will seek a colossal renovation to the faint empty theater.

173.The history of the university is a long and interesting one.

174.We study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.

175.There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.

176.A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.

177.The educational level is found to be related to social and economic background.

178.Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.

179.Please make sure you have correctly cited all the necessary materials.

180.Organization failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.

181.I thought it was through the small meeting room.

182.Our view is that educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.

183.All dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.

184.The article considers the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas.

185.Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.

186.The director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.

187.Graduates from this course typically pursue careers in the financial sector.

188.The most popular courses still have a few places left.

189.Parent's talk to children tends to be simplified.

190.The summer school programs allow students to accelerate their studies.

191.The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.

192.Water filters on the campus will discourage the unnecessary use of plastic bottles.

193.The island is located at the south end of the bay.

194.Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.

195.The application process may take longer than expected.

196.Students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.

197.The toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.

198.The qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.

199.Medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.

200.Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.

201.Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.

202.Human beings compete with other living things of resources and space.